The practicing clinical chemist.
Symposium on the use of medical auxiliary services. (f) The medical laboratory services.
A refresher course for medical laboratory technologists.
Some laboratory aids for a clinical laboratory.
The med. tech. student's professional adjustment.
How to keep dressing cart from carrying contamination.
Automation in the clinical chemistry laboratory.
A training program for medical laboratory assistants.
Basic spectrophotometry for the medical technologist.
Medical technology. The problem of its future professional status.
Measurement and evaluation in training schools.
Quality control in clinical chemistry laboratories.
A mold for production of agar diffusion plates.
A system of microchemistry for the hospital laboratory designed for maintenance of a high standard of performance.
Use of the control chart in clinical chemistry.
Statistics in clinical chemistry.
Symposium on quality control in clinical chemistry.
Laboratory suggestion; a simple micropipet.
Sharpening of microtome knives by use of a lapping plate.
An improved technique for the rapid preparation of tissue sections.
Improvement of accuracy through better supervision.
What better schools will mean to recruitment.
The education and recognition of technical groups associated with medicine.
The inside story of a workshop.
The medical technologist and the doctor.
College and hospitals unite efforts to teach teachers.
The technician and the patient.
Steps in student orientation.
Clearing of smears made from wound exudates.
A vacuum box for quick drying of small samples.
Certification of cytotechnologists.
Tetrahydrofuran (THF) for routine dehydration, clearing, and infiltration.
Use of medical histories by the mycology technologist; a review.
Auxiliary personnel in medical practice.
A program of refresher workshops in medical technology.
Traumatic cases and the laboratory services.
Equipment of the Central Laboratory of Serology and Hygiene, Uruguay, for the preparation and reconditioning of specimen tubes.
The Lambeth technitray.
Medical technology in a mid-western state: Kansas, 1957-58.
A mechanized Natelson microgasometer.
