Newspaper writer describes Cleveland school.
A simple device for shaking separatory funnels.
What can a medical technologist do about the hazards of blood transfusions?
An automatic multiple diluting machine.
Where does instrumentation enter into medicine?
The need for a training program for histology technicians.
The qualified medical technologist: 'M.T. (ASCP)'.
A venous cannula for use in experimental animals.
An improved mycologic laboratory aid prepared glass flasks.
Standardization of the electronic counter of blood cells.
An aluminium block heater for controlled temperature digestion.
A simple colorimetric procedure for calibrating micropipets.
Clinical pathology and iatrogenic diseases.
Three ways to close the gap in nursing.
Med. Tech. faculty meetings.
A modification of the neutral red cytochemical test.
The establishment of a clinical chemistry quality control program.
A study on an ultramicro and automated procedure for serum proteins.
Electronic instrumentation in a modern medical centre.
A repeated cardiac puncture technique for obtaining large volumes of blood in realtively large groups of small laboratory animals.
Selecting the med, tech, student.
Achievements of Soviet medical technology.
Intracardiac surgery as viewed by the medical technologist.
A more convenient pipet canister.
Medical technology, past, present and future.
Medical technology training: a follow-up study of graduates.
A device to pipet and dilute fluid semi-automatically.
New technology and medical electronics.
Faculty in-service education programs.
The role of the administrator in the growth & development of the laboratory.
How to interest medical technologists in teaching.
Administration of student education in the clinical laboratory.
Physicians' office assistants training program.
Selection and assignment of faculty in schools of medical technology.
A simple mechanical stirring device. Its application to rapid determination of carbonates by a modified Conway technique.
State society sponsored programs for teachers of medical technology.
Safety in the public health laboratory.
