Method for recording the time, magnitude and orientation of forces applied to walking sticks.
Inexpensive solid-state averager for interference pattern electromyography.
Techniques of flash photolysis.
Rotating membrane cell.
Engineers design limbs.
Hospitals, manufacturers need greater awareness of electrical hazards.
Automatic developer, "Pentakon Ear". (German Democratic Republic).
Production of spectacles in Czechoslovakia.
Improved injection needles.
Filter-dosimeter for blood preservatives.
Laboratory centrifuge TsL-1.
Card index system for medical diagnostic instruments.
New method for cooling (or heating) of the body and an apparatus for craniocerebral hypothermia.
Method for calculating the stability of extramedullary plates.
Theory and calculation of ejection atomizers.
Discrepancies in results obtained with activity cages and by observation.
An Apgar timer.
Transducer alignment device for A-scan echoencephalography.
Effect of the skull in degrading the display of echoencephalographic B and C scans.
Evaluation of intensity-modulated recording for ultrasonic diagnosis.
The calibration of bicycle ergometers.
An instrumentation harness assembly for long-term use on miniature swine.
Modern materials, their contribution and use in the human body.
Ultrasonic visualization system employing new scanning and presentation methods.
A calibration device for the earpiece dichromatic densitometer.
Materials in medicine.
Occupancy principle for radioactive tracers in steady-state biological systems.
A pressure generator for testing the frequency response of catheter-transducer dystems used for physiological pressure measurements.
Medicine and the challenge of technology.
The economics of innovation.
Tomorrow's laboratory.
The trouble with patient monitoring.
The pressure-sensitive radiotelemeter.
The electron probe microanalyser and its applications in medicine.
Some aspects of spectacle production in the Czechoslovakian SSR.
Difficulties in spectacle production.
New operating tables.
Apparatus for mammary gland radiography.
Standardization of shaking apparatus and their designations.
Equipment for optical workshops.
Calculations for a direct-action pneumatic recording apparatus with pressure transmitter.
Device for producing aerosols.
Ophthalmoplethysmograph.
Some design problems of ultrasonic transducers.
Late results with Starr valve replacement of the aortic valve.
A U.S. federation for medical engineering.
Machining of tungsten alloy for nucleonic instruments.
The design of biomedical instrumentation made easy through the use of operational amplifiers.
Myoelectric control of orthotic devices: for the severely paralyzed.
Complete ventricular atrialization by an implantable heart support device.
Bioengineering in MRMP.
Instruments for biopsy of the uterine cervix.
Contracting policies of artificial heart program.
Synchronized counterpulsation in the management of ventricular fibrillation following coronary artery ligation.
A hinged prosthetic cardiac valve fabricated of rigid components. Experimental evaluations in vitro and in vivo.
A fast-response oxygen analyzer with high accuracy for respiratory gas measurement.
A simple, inexpensive method of evaluating circulation in pedicled tissues.
High-impedance electrocardiogram amplifier-transmitter for use with dry electrodes. SAM-TR-68-55.
Removable adapter for syringes.
Mechanization of stowage operations in medical engineering production.
Calculation of heat exchangers for cardiopulmonary bypass apparatus.
Theory of gas-exchange units in artificial heart apparatuses: some problems. II. Some aspects of the control of the operation of foam-film type oxygenators determining their priming volume.
Some problems connected with the development and production of medical instruments and apparatuses.
Status of research in biomedical engineering.
Automated multitesting laboratories: their use in community preventive health services.
A Venturi circulator for anesthetic systems.
An engineering approach to the training of surgical scientists.
A new pediatric circle valve.
A non-return valve for continuous use with the Emerson postoperative ventilator.
New model of a pneumatic dental drill.
Progress in medical instrumentation over the past fifty years.
Bioengineering contracts slight universities.
Dental research: the past two decades. National Institute of Dental Research interdisciplinary programs have broadened the base of dental science.
Purchase specifications for biomedical materials. I. Sheet or film of polytetrafluoroethylene plastic.
Semipermeable aqueous microscapsules. Artificial cells. V. Permeability characteristics.
Isotonic response to a step input of a 'muscle-motor' actuator.
Applications of a new technique for system identification to dolphin temperature regulation and rabbit intraocular pressure control.
Medical aspects of Gemini extravehicular activities.
An air lock for feeding animals in a small environmental chamber.
A biopsy drill permitting rapid freezing.
A chronic percutaneous lead system employing a skin-prosthesis graft.
Developmental evaluation of miniature biological sensing transducers. BNWL-715. 1.
Dermographism: its definition, demonstration, and prevalence.
Surgical suture-canine tissue interaction for six common suture types.
Bibliography.
Electrical hazards in hospitals.
Testing of a simple chemical gas analyzer (GUKh-1).
Specifications of steam boilers for disinfection chambers and apparatuses.
Instrument for investigating external respiration (PFVD-4).
New design of heat exchanger for foam-film type oxygenators.
Design of magazine slots and thruster plates in surgical suturing apparatuses.
Experimental investigation of the operation of aerosol bombs.
Methods of increasing the life of surgical instruments.
Methodical peculiarities of investigations of various aerosols.
Ventilatory volume computer for on-line data processing.
The recording and the analysis of gait in relation to the surgery of the hip joint.
Cavitation at catheter tips: a possible cause of air embolus.
Engineering principles in the control of external power by myoelectric signals.
The physico-mathematical era of radiology the impact of modern technology on radiology the big machines.
Research and development of an incremental microflowmeter for biological liquids. AMRL-TR-68-88.
Alternating anesthesia by means of a combination of anesthetic apparatus UNA-1 and artificial respiration apparatus DP-2.
A modified respiration integrator system.
New apparatus in industrial production.
Sweden: new institute to focus on applied microbiology.
The laser in pediatric surgery.
A blood pressure recorder.
Computer studies of auditory perception.
Neural correlates of acoustic signals.
Electronics: integrated circuits.
Medical engineering at Imperial College. Biomechanics.
Medical engineering at Imperial College. Electrical engineering applied to medicine.
An introduction to biotelemetry.
Biotelemetry.
Infant ventilator systems.
Engineering in mechanical man.
Determination of the parameters of gratings used in x-ray and gamma therapy.
Residual stresses in drawn tubes for tubular parts of medical instruments (communication). II. Analysis of axial elastoplastic tension and expansion of tubes with residual stresses in them.
Approximate calculation of the maximum allowable error of medical photoelectric colorimeters.
Automatic monitoring of physiological functions during surgical operations.
A new standard for spectacle lenses.
Set of cannulas and connectors for the articial circulation apparatus.
A new model of filter-trap for the artificial circulation apparatus.
A rational system for organizing the maintenance of medical instrumentation.
Experiment in changing to the new system of planning and economic stimulation in the biomedical engineering industry.
Total prosthetic replacement of atrioventricular valves in the dog. II. Development of a tilting cone mitral prosthesis.
Total prosthetic replacement of atrioventricular valves in the dog. I. Development of a free-floating cone valve for the right atrioventricular ostium.
A new magnet system for 'intravascular navigation'.
Biomedical engineering: a critical re-appraisal.
A new mitral valve.
Factors in coordination of the natural aortic pulse with an external pump-induced pulse.
An instrument to prevent calcium embolism in open-heart surgery.
Multipurpose adaptor for electronic tonometers.
An artificial placenta: the development of an extracorporeal system for maintenance of immature infants with respiratory problems.
Recording and signal-conditioning techniques and equipment used in a 1,000-flight biomedical study. NASA TND-4487.
Observations on biomedical engineering.
Use of USU-type dental engines.
The feasibility of using pulsed ultrasound to detect the presence of in vivo tissue gas bubbles. SMC, SMRL. Rep. No. 508.
Government, medical research, and education.
Ethical issues in biological engineering.
An interdisciplinary approach to research in biology and medicine and the research and development of biomedical systems.
Tiny flaws in medical design can kill.
Reliability of the physician's work in a system "physician-apparatus".
Detection of foetal heart action by ultrasound transformed into audible signals. A comparative study with visual method.
Placental localization by combined visual and auditory ultrasound techniques. A comparative study.
Submaximal exercise as a measure of physical working capacity.
The development of a diafiltration system for blood purification.
A new no-prime, no-blood-loss, efficient and inexpensive hemodialysis system, potentially useful for home dialysis.
Theoretical and experimental analysis of the intra-aortic balloon pump.
Partial extracorporeal gas exchange in alert newborn lambs with a membrane artificial lung perfused via an A-V shunt for periods up to 96 hours.
Complete atrialization of left ventricle with a new heart assist pump.
Physiological consequences of acutely and chronically implanted left ventricular-aortic assist devices.
Technical considerations in the design of a clinical system for external left ventricular assist.
Control systems for artificial hearts.
An artificial heart sensitive to atrial volume.
Artificial ventricle with permanent internal flow - "whirl-heart": description and application for left ventricular assistance.
A shell and tube oxygenator.
The capillary membrane blood oxygenator: in vitro and in vivo gas exchange measurements.
A membrane combined oxygenator and pump - principles.
Methods for increasing the efficiency of a new dialyzer-membrane oxygenator.
A truly portable, fully automatic, fluid preparation and control unit for hemodialysis.
A new compact automatic home hemodialysis system.
A new device for recording cardiac motion.
A control system for an artificial heart.
Instrument to measure tissue softness of the uterine cervix in pregnancy.
Auto-perfused cannula to facilitate measurement of coronary flow.
Technique for automatic in vivo regulation of blood sugar.
Simulator for demonstration of some bioelectric properties of biological transducers.
An externally actuated subcutaneous exteriorized "in-series" prosthetic pumping ventricle.
Some experiences with artificial hearts inside the chest, driven with a simple inexpensive servo-system.
A permanent mechanical auxiliary ventricle: experimental and clinical experience.
Implantable mechanical cardiac substitute.
Medical engineering program planning and systems analysis.
Quality control.
A design study of a hydraulically operated artificial arm powered by normal walking.
The clinician's requirements for physiological monitoring systems.
An instrumented pencil for psychomotoric studies.
Tissue culture techniques for screening of prosthetic materials.
The effect of various metal interfaces on blood and other living cells.
Survey of biomedical materials and some relevant problems.
Materials and heart valve prostheses.
Medical application of the velour fabrics.
Prosthetic heart valve replacement.
Problems with materials used in the intrathoracic artificial heart.
Problems in the use of polymeric materials in medical and biomedical applications.
Graphite-benzalkonium-heparin coatings on plastics and metals.
Static and dynamic stress considerations in the design and use of polymeric materials in prosthetic applications.
The silicones as subdermal engineering materials.
Blood-compatible plastics.
Research in prosthetics in New Brunswick.
Telemetry in medicine and biology.
The late Samuel A. Talbot: the man and the scientist.
Biomedical polymers.
Rehabilitation.
