Medical technology.
Training and education for acceptance of the computer sciences.
The cybernetic man.
An electrically operated hand.
Mathematics courses for physicians and other life scientists.
Electrosorption of amino acids peptides and proteins in relation to the compatibility of materials and the human body.
Thrombogenicity of some biomedical materials: platelet-interface reactions.
Nonthrombogenic surface preparation for silicone rubber.
Corrosion under stress of materials composing dental amalgam.
Polymers as bearing materials for total hip replacement: a friction and wear analysis.
Health testing with automated techniques.
Fluid mechanics of the mitral valve.
A common language for standards useful terms in biomedical engineering.
Fiber optic self-powered laryngoscope.
QQuo vadis bio-engineering in Georgia?
A straight needle-probe for the measurement of blood velocity.
A laser manipulator for surgical use.
Is there an EE in the house?
Instrumentation and the delivery of health services.
Spectre II: general-purpose microscope input for a computer.
Computer interfaced fast analyzers.
Engineering contributions to advancing fluoridation.
Electronic evaluation of fetal heart rate. X. The fetal arrhythmia index.
Blood-flow sensor impedance experiments.
A multichannel cardiac dimension gauge.
Clinical application of space technology.
A multiple adaptor.
Biomedical engineering.
Heart rate measurements of drivers with the highway systems research car.
Sterilization of ventilators.
The Biomedical Engineering Program of the National Academy of Engineing.
Improved method for simultaneous counting of Cr 51  and I 125  in blood volume measurement.
Humidification requirements and techniques. Including a review of the performance of equipment in current use.
Square-wave liquid pressure generator for testing blood pressure transducers.
Physiological pressure transducer for microhemocirculatory studies.
Ameroid constrictor: uniform closure rates and a calibration procedure.
A new direction-sensitive probe for catheter-tip thermal velocity measurements.
Integral hinge joint.
Silicone-dacron hinge prosthesis. Design, evaluation, and application.
Finger joint replacement by silicone rubber implants and the concept of implant fixation by encapsulation.
Friction torque studies of total joint replacements. The use of a simulator.
Theoretical design of various types of finger joint.
Fermentation of natural gas with a cyclone column fermenter.
Some important problems of space physiology.
Surface deactivation of porous glass membranes.
Potential biomedical applications of Saturn nondestructive test methods.
Volume limited paediatric respirator.
A mobile form of the Henderson apparatus.
Advances in the design and implementation of automated techniques for hemodynamic measurements on patients.
A low-resistance flow meter for wide-range ventilatory measurement.
A defense of electrical impedance plethysmography. Comments on a paper Electrical impedance plethysmography: a critical analysis.
A comparison of coherent averaging techniques for repetitive biological signals.
Development and use of the POD catheter in the cerebral vascular system.
Science and technology in renal dialysis.
The monovalent cation electrode: a biomedical tool.
Production of a silicone rubber film for the membrane lung.
Medical instrumentation.
Moving south: some thoughts on leaving Canada.
Another close call with "crossed valves".
Electronics miniaturized.
Cardiac pacemaking.
Control of thromboembolism from prosthetic heart valves.
Radio telemetry techniques for study of cardiovascular dynamics in ambulatory primates.
The engineering problem of ski safety.
The forced expiratory spirogram: uniform stimulus and rapid screening.
Computerized display of spatio-temporal EEG patterns.
Women in medical engineering?
Bed on air treats bedsores and may aid in psychiatry.
Hemodynamic problems involved in the design of an artificial heart.
Engineering design of artificial kidney machines.
Biomedical engineering in India.
The meaning of the point of maximum oscillations in cuff pressure in the indirect measurement of blood pressure. 1.
Army heart pump for postsystolic augmentation.
Haemodynamic studies in calves sustained on artificial hearts.
Lecithin aerosols generated ultrasonically above 25 degrees C.
Monitoring fever.
Biochemical engineering materials screening and monitoring.
Endoscopic instrumentation.
The lack of safety standards in medical instrumentation.
Thin film electron probe-electron microscope microanalysis techniques in biomaterials studies.
Public health engineering in the Third World.
Cultivation of yeast on gas oil.
International scientific exchange.
Patient monitoring system based on St. Thomas's Hospital design.
Exercise-traction unit.
Function of the bird respirator at high altitude.
The conversion of benzyl penicillin to 6-aminopenicillanic acid using an insoluble derivative of penicillin amidase.
The laser and its biomedical application.
Hospital advances through technical developments and conepts.
Bath Institute of Medical Engineering.
An integrated circuit patchboard.
A discussion of the problems of heat exchange blood warming devices.
Holography and its applications.
Myoelectric studies on the tibialis anterior muscle in below-knee amputees.
Comparative evaluation of some DC cardiac defibrillators.
Experimental study of a passive thermal control system for space suits.
Closed brain injuries: an engineering analysis.
An externally powered prosthesis for the complete arm.
Medicine-industry partnerships.
A pressure plethysmograph with a pneumatic differentiator for pulmonary capillary flow measurements.
Use of rubber membranes to improve sucrose-gap and other electrical recording techniques.
The development of an improved artificial larynx.
An automatic temperature control device.
Fluid dynamics in the tip of the multiholed angiographic catheter.
Electrically powered orthotic systems.
Left ventricular ejection as reflected in the bcg.
Rationale of the NASA biomedical applications program.
Some aspects of professional representation for biomedical engineering.
Bioengineering and anesthesia.
A method for detecting and measuring frequency of surface vibrations using a helium-neon laser.
Radiology as a multidisciplinary activity.
Recirculating pump and the rupture of ultraflow twin coils.
The stress trajectories in the femur.
Total body perfusion for cardiac transplantation.
A perfusion system for infants.
Investigating the environment an engineering opportunity.
A simple method for measuring calorie expenditures during sleep.
Thrombus formation in implanted blood pumps.
Mission oriented research for artificial organs.
Physiological evaluation of co-pulsation. A new concept for ventricular assist.
Progress in the design of a centrifugal cardiac assist pump with trans-cutaneous energy transmission by magnetic coupling.
An experimental prosthetic myocardium.
Use of left atrial pressure as a control parameter for total left heart bypass.
Evaluation of the functional capability of the Baylor left ventricular bypass device.
Optimization of cannulas for maintenance hemodialysis.
Total replacement artificial heart and driving system with inherent regulation of cardiac output.
Experience with a polyurethane sac-type artificial heart.
The design features and the development of the toroidal prosthetic heart valve.
In vitro and in vivo flow patterns of mitral valve prostheses: development of an elliptical valve.
Analysis of in vivo deoxygenation of human blood: a feasibility study for an implantable biological fuel cell.
A pulsatile flow membrane oxygenator.
High survival and minimal blood damage in lambs exposed to long term (1 week) veno-venous pumping with a polyurethane chamber roller pump with and without a membrane blood oxygenator.
A rationale for the preparation of nonthrombogenic materials.
A blood oxygenator with performed membrane-lined, capillary channels.
Clinical and engineering evaluation of disposable envelope inserts for the Kiil dialyzer.
Collagen dialysis membranes: initial clinical evaluation.
Detection of lesions in small blood vessels of the hands in patients with vibratory disease. Preliminary report.
Device which separates minute particles according to electronically sensed volume.
Blood pump with fluid amplifier.
The international institute for medical electronics and biological engineering.
Cardiac injuries incurred by drivers in automobile accidents.
How to test stethoscopes.
An automatic method of measuring and recording intracranial pressure.
Versatile non-cycling programmer for automating laboratory procedures.
Venous and arteriovenous difference in oxyhemoglobin concentrations as parameters to control stroke volume of an artificial heart.
Telephone transmission of spirograms for computer analysis.
Project FAIR The Medical Research Council's Literature Retrieval Research Project. Services.
Clinical use of a new design stented xenograft heart valve prosthesis.
Automatic collector of samples for determining isotope washout curves in muscle tissues.
Experimental endocarditis following cardiac valve replacement: evaluation of cloth-covered valves and the role of antibiotics.
Preclinical evaluation of a practical membrane oxygenator.
Development and evaluation of a prototype capillary membrane blood oxygenator.
Toward a new professionalism.
Recent advances in below-knee prosthetics.
Some medical and engineering considerations of the design of an intra-thoracic artificial heart.
Densitometric evaluation at quantitative microradiography.
Microdensitometer system for microradiography.
Engineering and medicine a developing partnership.
Ultrasonic encephalography.
Artificial circulation its place and promise.
Simple method for mean transit time determination.
