Medical engineering at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School.
Experience using a new dacron wool filter during extracorporeal circulation.
The graphic display of computer-processed data.
Dose reduction factors of a "lead-lined" girdle.
Dose equivalent meter designs based on tissue equivalent proportional counters.
Design and performance of an environmental chamber at the University of Aarhus, Denmark.
Legislation. Device inventory and classification.
Engineering R&D support by the hospital and university.
Support for research, training and education in medical research engineering.
Myoelectric control sites for upper-extremity devices.
Mitral valve replacement with autologous tissue.
Mechanical support of the circulation: a new approach.
Hybrid computer programming for study of cardiac excitation.
Catheter-flush system for continuous monitoring of central arterial pulse waveform.
Determination of arterial blood flow by percutaneously introduced flow sensors in an external magnetic field. I. The method.
Pathodynamics of blunt chest trauma: a preliminary report.
Water cooled garments: a review.
Advances in the design of artifical kidneys.
Quantitative measurement of nasal-airway resistance.
An automated collecting and measuring device for uterine blood flow studies.
A body scanner using a matrix system.
Physiological studies of military parachutists via FM-FM telemetry: the data acquisition system and heart rate response.
A cryomicroscope for the study of freezing and thawing processes in biological cells.
A new instrument for rapid measurement of blood oxygen saturation and Hb concentration.
Inert organic liquid as a biological oxygen carrier.
Biomechanical activities in Great Britain.
Training for measurement in medicine. Types of training required.
Composition and function of future departments of clinical measurement.
Detection of circulating bubbles in the intact mammal.
The functional anatomy of urologic cryosurgical unit and its relation to the technique, complications and results of cryosurgery of the prostate.
An improved concept in optics applied to cystoscopy.
A tubular membrane oxygenator.
Temperature profile scanning a more quantitative approach to thermography.
The selection of a small real-time computer for bio-medical application.
A miniature respiratory minute volume sensor for the flight environment.
Blood flow determination during hemodialysis by bubble time.
Design and performance of a vacuum reservoir blood pump.
Liquid crystal thermography.
An approach to the dynamic analysis and synthesis of biped locomotion machines.
The place of ergonomics in science and industry.
A comparison of coherent averaging techniques for repetitive biological signals.
A special chamber to facilitate intra-aortic balloon pumping for circulatory assistance.
Biomedical engineering in Scotland.
A few anomalies.
Some perspectives in biomedical engineering and artificial organs.
Parameters affecting preparation of nylon-based hemodialysis membranes.
An improved pulse-pressure generator for prolonged circulatory support.
A new bougie.
Use of a disposable autotransfusion unit under varying conditions of contamination. Preliminary report.
A unified method for regional anticoagulation of blood.
Erythrocyte destruction in different types of Starr-Edwards aortic ball valves.
A mechanical respirator for control of liquid breathing.
Electronically generated sections from serial sections.
The continuous and simultaneous measurement of O2-consumption, rate of decarboxylation of 14C-substrates and the performance of spontaneously-beating isolated heart atria of guinea pigs.
Use of indigenous pacemaker in the treatment of complete heart block.
Medicine in a technical age.
Trichromatic ear densitometer for estimation of cardiac output using indocyanine green.
Needles and hemolysis.
A time-motion display method for "A" scope ultrasonic units.
Guest editorial: biomedical engineering training for the physician.
A new metal locator.
Determination of blood coagulation using impedance measurements.
An integrated-circuit approach to extracellular microelectrodes.
Design criteria for artificial heart valves.
Biomedical engineering in orthopedic surgery.
a special purpose computer for the evaluation of left ventricular function.
Developing viable medical equipment, in general and for patient monitoring.
Heparin sorptivity and blood compatibility of carbon surfaces.
Responses to preoptic heating and cooling in a hibernator Citellus tridecemlineatus.
A testing device for evaluation of gas transfer through synthetic membranes.
The engineering design of haemodialysis equipment.
An interpretation of red cell volume distributions measured by pulse height analysis.
Recent successes utilizing aerospace technology.
Shielding of image intensifiers from incident magnetic fields.
Interpretation of cardiovascular pressure measurements.
Modular joint units to be used with hydraulic and pneumatic actuators.
A thermoluminescent personnel neutron dosimeter.
Preparation and characterization of isolubilized L-amino acid oxidase.
A new sewing ring for experimental mitral valve prosthesis allowing rapid changing of valves in vivo.
Electrochemical creation of autobiological lining for thrombosis prevention in prostheses of cardiovascular system.
Engineering assessment of some haemodialysis equipment.
Cytologic screening automated by Cytoscreener.
Medical computing: a reappraisal.
Radiation control design for a converted 400 KVP x-ray therapy machine.
Control units for use with electrochemical electrodes.
Monitoring the artificial kidney.
Physiology of renal function.
Introduction: the artificial kidney.
A portable electronic system equipped with an ionization chamber filled with a liquid equivalent to the biological tissue.
Some tests on the consistency of the performance of six precision long counters intended as secondary standards for the measurement of fast neutron flux densities.
A portable area monitor for gamma-rays.
A new digital heart rate prnter for monitoring purposes.
A percutaneous balloon catheter for the immediate control of hemorrhage.
Small signal influences upon a sawtooth oscillator.
Space program: more time for biomedical research?
Impedance cardiography as a noninvasive means to monitor cardiac function.
Cardiac output from transthoracic impedance records using discriminant analysis.
Automated patient care.
U. S. medical and surgical equipment sought in world markets.
Pedestal hospital bed.
Technical note: the "3-S" problem: specifications, standardization, and standards.
Biomedical application of mass spectrometry for monitoring partial pressures. A technical review.
Biomechanical activites at some American and European institutions. IV.
Practical course in instruments and electrons. 6. Power supply design.
International trade in medical electronic equipment.
Medical applications of an electrical pressure gauge for external use: preliminary report.
Linear valves for small flows.
Modifications to a miniature pressure transducer for the measurement of intracranial pressure.
A simple appliance for controlled oxygen therapy.
A simplified method for electrical impedance monitoring in brain tumor localization; technical note.
Bioengineering developments in medicine.
Critical obstruction of prosthetic heart valves due to lipid absorption by Silastic.
A comparative evaluation of selected properties of four orthotic materials.
A compact laboratory respirator.
Biomedical engineering.
Human factors applications in medicine.
The disposable Kiil envelope artificial kidney - in vitro results.
Design and development of a cosmetic caliper.
Medical engineering in the USSR.
Progress in laser safety in biomedical installations.
A portable laboratory respirator.
A power source for an implantable circulatory support system.
The fluid amplifier artificial heart.
Problems in the design of a cosmetic caliper.
Biomechanical activities at some American and European institutions. 3.
Evolution of electromagnetic blood flowmeters.
Radio telemetry techniques for measurement of blood pressure and flow in unrestrained animals.
An investigation into the evaluation of hockey helmets.
The use of acrylic laminates in fitting impression haptic lenses.
Molecular separation as an artificial kidney technique.
American Society for Artificial Internal Organs. Presidential address.
An extracorporeal chemical reactor.
Short term synchronous arterio-arterial pumping without anticoagulants.
A new series-type left heart assist device with a leaking outlet valve.
Artificial heart ventricular design having space and performance characteristics comparable to the heart.
A prosthetic heart with hemispherical ventricles designed for low hemolytic action.
Valveless orthotopic cardiac prosthesis a wave-pulsating total heart.
Total artificial hearts with built-in valves.
A capillary membrane-oxygenator utilizing gas dispersed in oil.
Prolonged cardio-pulmonary support with a practical membrane oxygenator.
Prosthetic and fascia lata valves: hydrodynamics and clinical results.
The Lillehei-Kaster pivoting disc aortic prosthesis and a comparative study of its pulsatile flow characteristics with four other prostheses.
An improved disc valve for mitral replacement.
A new and growing family of artificial implanted fluid-control devices.
Correlations between electrochemical and antithrombogenic characteristics of polyelectrolyte materials.
A tissue implantable fuel cell power supply.
A single electrolyte fuel cell utilizing permselective membranes.
In vivo electrochemical power generation.
Intracardiac pressure changes utilized to energize a piezoelectric powered cardiac pacemaker.
New elastic materials for the artificial heart.
The development of an implanted left ventricular assist device and Rankine cycle power systems.
Mass transfer resistance determination of slowly dialyzed molecules with applications to the pH dependence of phosphate dialysis.
The development and first clinical use of semipermeable microcapsules (artificial cells) as a compact artificial kidney.
Wear of cartilage bio-engineering and scanning electron microscope study.
Visual acuity decrements associated with whole body plus or minus Gz vibration stress.
An implantable hearing aid. State of the art.
Display techniques in a tactile vision-substitution system.
Practical course in instruments and electronics. IV. Producing waveforms and pulses.
From practicability to practice the challenge of technology.
An apparatus to study continuous discrimination performance as a function of level of cerebral vigilance.
Medicine 1969.
The artificial gut in hospital and home. Technical improvements.
Use of videometry and electronic data-processing for hemodynamic investigations by angiographic techniques.
Stereotechnology in medicine.
Evaluation of artificial skin models: presentation of three clinical cases.
The use of high resistance thermistors in recording thermodilution curves.
Recent progress in medical ultrasonics.
