Mechanical aids to nursing paraplegics.
Molecular sieve studies of interacting protein systems. X. Behavior of small zone profiles for reversibly self-associating solutes.
The biomedical engineer the roles he can play.
Technique for optimal fitting of flight helmets.
Current status of research in artificial support of the circulation.
Engineering approaches to limb prosthetics and orthotics.
Medical research engineering past and future.
A tracheostomy cuff designed to prevent suffocation.
Human factors in relation to the development of pressurized cabins.
Biomedical engineering in an historical setting.
Theoretical aspects of on-line osmometry.
Improved control mechanism for heart assist device.
Tutorial: experience with a mass spectrometer system for blood gas analysis in humans.
Personal ear protection evaluation present and future.
A study of myo-electric signals for arm prosthesis control.
A new design concept for corrosion-resistant orthopaedic implants.
The new biology: what price relieving man's estate?
An electromagnetic system for studying the responses of aquatic organisms to weak electric and magnetic fields.
A new approach to prosthetic control: EEG motor signal tracking with an adaptively designed phase-locked loop.
Closed-circuit extracorporeal filtration of thoracic duct lymph.
An experimental laminar-flow operating-room.
Patient-support system using low-pressure air.
Solenoid operated inspiratory-expiratory valve.
Position of medical devices in the health field.
Intensive care units.
Electron beam recorder. Evaluation of its use in diagnostic roentgenology.
A body balance to measure sweat rates in man.
Cardiac pacemaker encapsulation investigation.
An intracranial pressure transducer.
Engineering research opens opportunity.
Report of Inter-Society Commission for Heart Disease Resources. II. Cardiovascular Disease Acute Care. Part II. The electrical environment.
Report of Inter-Society Commission for Heart Disease Resources. II. Cardiovascular Disease Acute Care. Part III. Selection and maintenance program.
Electronic equipment in critical care areas. II. The electrical environment. Instrumentation Study Group; report of Inter-Society Commission for Heart Disease Resources.
Ergonomics of diathermy forceps design.
A universal biological interval timer.
An analysis of frequency modulation circuit using p-n junction varactors.
The solid-state lithium battery: a new improved chemical power source for implantable cardiac pacemakers.
An oxygen replenishment technique for the continuous monitoring of oxygen uptake rate.
Technical report: demand regulated control of a liquid breathing system.
An incident of cylinder retaining screws damaging the Woods metal in the temperature safety screw of a cyclopropane cylinder valve.
Multiple-pool analysis of metabolic pathways.
Antithrombogenic surfaces, classification and in vivo evaluation.
Surface-chemical aspects of clotting.
Blood interfacial phenomena: an overview.
Medical devices legislation for tomorrow's patients, as well as today's.
Controlled study of brachial artery blood pressure measured by a new indirect method.
Automation in blood banking.
Symposium summary: acoustic holography as a medical diagnostic tool.
Guest editorial: concept for a "COMSAT for medicine".
Effects of non-linearities on the television display of x-ray images.
Biomedical engineering in the United States.
Life support systems and the ecology.
Covalent bonding of proteins to solid surfaces.
Evaluation of two statistics in one sweep of a biomedical data analyzer.
The parable of the priests and the gnomes.
A telemetric method for monitoring foetal heart rate and intra-uterine pressure during labor.
Particle fragmentation generated in pump sets.
Materials limitations in the design of a microcapsule artificial kidney.
In vitro performance of installed internal fixation plates in compression.
Solute transport across polyelectrolyte complex membranes.
Perspectives on engineering in biology and medicine: a program report.
Electromechanical restoration of the micturition reflex.
An ear-level hearing aid for bilateral atresia.
Medical devices, a time for decision.
Further improvements in the technique of trouble-free blood withdrawal.
On-line  O2  and  CO2  analysis in vivo.
Remote ambulatory real time monitoring via existing public telephone circuits.
Sequential, variable flow rate dye injector for arteriography.
Use of power spectral density analysis for the evaluation of artificial heart valves.
Guest editorial: device regulation utopian concepts, or, from scared to Utopia.
An engineering analysis of intratracheal tube cuffs.
A disposable catheter-tip transducer for continuous measurement of blood oxygen tension in vivo.
The properties and medical uses of materials. 5. Fabrication, finishing and selection of materials.
Power for artificial arms from normal walking.
The worried well, the walking sick and sudden death.
Inapproprioception: a possible sensory basis for athetoid movements.
Oil contamination reduced.
Rewards for inventors.
Bioelectric impedance. New developments and clinical application.
Maintenance of biomedical equipment.
Interactive stereoscopic computer displays for biomedical research.
Nonslipping, nonkinking airway connections for respiratory care.
Human motors and their substitutes: some desperate needs.
Granule strength as a formulation factor I: instrumentation.
The properties and medical uses of materials. IV. New materials.
Biomedical engineering in Canada.
Argon lasers in photocoagulation therapy.
Abortion, death, and the sanctity of life.
Placental perfusion device.
A simple method for long-term intestinal and intravenous cannulation in animals.
A variable-deadspace device for use with the Engström respirator.
An encapsulated, implantable metal-oxygen cell as a long-term power source for medical and biological applications.
An envelope system designed to facilitate safer transport and rapid identification of "high risk" specimens in hospital laboratories.
Hazard: Gilford densitometer.
An implantable incontinence device.
Bioelectrical energy by reduction of tissue oxygen.
Biomedical instrumentation and liability.
Guest editorial: remarks.
Instrumented pilot plant lyophilizer: its versatility in developing and programming production cycles.
Graphic recording of breathing rate using a simple thermocouple system.
The properties and medical uses of materials. 3:2. The effect of materials on blood.
Biomedical engineering at King's College Hospital.
Medicine and the challenge of technology.
Radioisotope-fuelled 'batteries' for heart pacemakers.
Catheter-mounted aortic valves.
Black clouds and silver linings.
A new dust-generating system for inhalation studies.
Tensile strength testing methodology for partially healed rat skin wounds: engineering considerations.
Automated system for analytical microbiology. II. Construction of system and evaluation of antibiotics and vitamins.
Automated system for analytical microbiology. I. Theory and design considerations.
Microwave radiation and cardiac pacemakers. AAMI Standards Subcommittee on Pacemakers.
Research in the Department of Medical Physics, the University of Leeds.
Hydron-coated terylene suture: a pilot study.
3. The reactions of tissues to materials. 1.
Switch control concepts in a myoelectric control system.
Myo-electric control one more aid for the amputee.
Instrumental methods for mimimum interference physiology.
The computer in medicine: a tool for the future.
Radiographic identification of commonly used pulse generators 1970.
Anodic insulated tantalum oxide electrocardiograph electrodes.
A lightweight two-track tape recorder suitable for correlative monitoring of the electrocardiogram.
A system for synchronized pulsed perfusion of the coronary arteries during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Inhomogeneities as a cause of multiple peaks of heart potential on the body surface: theoretical studies.
An intra-arterial induction gauge.
Simple standardized method for studying the tensile strength of healing incisions in animals.
In-house engineering training for hospital staff.
The current status of medical standards activities in the United States.
Making sure that medical devices work.
Goals for standardization and legislation in the medical device domain.
Polymers in medicine.
Instrumentation for microbiology: horizons unlimited.
The future of powered hand prostheses.
A useful hand table.
New gamma camera.
Government standards activities.
Effects of the environment on materials.
An instrument for separation of multiple-unit neuroelectric signals.
Physical arrangements at the bedside in support of automated systems for patient care.
Dipole, quadripole, and octapole measurements in isolated beating heart preparations.
Selection of the number and positions of measuring locations for electrocardiography.
AAMI-FDA 1972 National Conference on Medical Device Standards.
Physiological aspects of aircraft accident investigation.
Assessment of motor performance in brain injury. A bio-engineering method.
An analog preprocessor for use in monitoring arterial pressure.
Research in biomechanics at the University of Surrey.
The properties and medical uses of materials. 1. Structure and mechanical properties of materials.
Medical radioisotope scanning.
Fourier analysis of left ventricular performance. Evaluation of impedance matching.
Biosatellite post-flight experiment: some effects of forced electrolyte imbalance in Macaca nemestrina.
Soyuz-9 flight, a manned biomedical mission.
Automatic scanning system for radiation dose distributions.
Limitations of current techniques for the evaluation of the biohazards and biocompatibility of new candidate materials.
Flexural properties of equine metacarpus.
Carbon fibre-based harness for artificial arms.
Some preliminary studies of bio-medical applications of a uni- or bi-directional flow control valve.
Processing and stereophonic presentation of physiological signals.
A bipolar electrode and current pump for volume conductor experiments.
Self-balancing system for medical and physiological instrumentation.
An ultrasound moving target indicator system for diagnostic use.
Bladder volume sensing by resistance measurement.
An application of electrocardiographic lead theory to impedance plethysmography.
A digital parameter-identification technique applied to biological signals.
Electrocutaneous stimulation in a reading aid for the blind.
A new and simple flowmeter for use in extracorporeal circuits.
A long leg brace for comprehensive force measurement. Design and experimental studies.
Comparative turbulence of heart valves (natural and prosthetic).
The development and implantation of a polyurethane hemispherical artificial heart.
An artificial heart with independently variable pulse parameters.
Methods to construct artificial organs.
Development and evaluation of a new hollow-fiber membrane oxygenator.
The use of mathematical and physical models for optimization of oxygenators.
New pacemaker electrodes.
Prolonged circulatory support by direct mechanical ventricular assistance for two to three days of ventricular fibrillation.
Automatic control of intra-aortic balloon pumping.
Stationary television display of analog events an aid in cardiovascular teaching.
The selection and evaluation of medical instrumentation by a hospital instrumentation department.
Proportional control circuitry using myoelectric signals.
A man-machine model for evaluation of the tactile Vocoder.
Bio-engineering aspects of synovial fluid and cartilage.
A fluidically operated pulsatile pressure and flow generator.
Design of a hot-wire anemometer.
Active integrated pressure transducer.
Microtome-cryostat.
Apparatus for deep freezing of biological material with programmed control.
SB-2 and SB-3 instruments for suturing bronchi and soft tissues.
Combined dilator for measured eimination of stenosis of the mitral, aortic, and tricuspid valves in adults and children.
New types of orthodontic screw retainers.
Mechanism for gastrobiopsy.
Principles of development of instruments for determining bacterial contamination of the air.
Substantiation of the design parameters of high-refraction negative spectacle lenses.
Investigation of the operation of the east German Va-G-92 intensitometer with Soviet photographic materials for roentgenography.
Hydrodynamic indexes of polymer tubes of heart-lung machines.
Cardiac pacemakers powered by biogalvanic cells.
Use of mathematical and electronical models in the biomedical research.
Biomedical laser technology: a challenge to the engineer.
Some species differences in fibrinolysis and blood coagulation.
The artificial kidney.
Clinical application of continuous monitoring of respiratory failure.
Stereology: applications to biomedicalresearch.
The technology of automated multiphasic health testing (AMHT). Davos, Switzerland, September 14-18, 1970.
Some perspectives in biomedical engineering and artifical organs.
