Effects of artificial temperature regulation on splenic nodular tissue in the exteriorized rat spleen: an application of bioengineering principles.
Biomedical engineering at King's.
Editorial: Is there an insurmountable barrier between engineering and the life sciences?
Bio-engineering in joints with special reference to the hip and knee.
Faults found in electro-medical instruments.
Electromedical equipment evaluation: a new scheme in Sheffield.
Bioengineering horizons.
Bioengineering and the eye.
Arthritis as an engineering problem: Leeds and London.
The medical engineer in the eye clinic.
The design of female urinary collection appliances.
Who wants to be a bioengineer?
The design of a new pulsed-field electromagnetic flowmeter.
The electromagnetic measurement of blood flow during arterial surgery.
Equipment maintenance: physicists or engineers?
Effect of surface materials on shear-induced hemolysis.
Holography of red cells moving toward an orifice: verification of a model.
Acquisition and coding of analogue physiologic data for digital analysis.
Contributions of the biological sciences to human welfare. 3. Clinical medicine.
Gas gangrene and hyperbaric oxygen.
Bioengineering research and postgraduate training: the surgeon and the engineer.
Standards in surgical implants: the present status.
Facilities for the mentally retarded.
The third Arthur C. Beall, Jr., M.D., commemorative lecture.
Noninvasive monitoring.
The three R's of medical equipment.
Editorial; "Professionalism and self-interest in medical engineering".
The history of biomedical education in the Netherlands.
American National conference on Medical Device Standards.
When does a hospital need biomedical engineering services?
Arterial pressure waveform recording: a clinical system.
An investigation of bladder-urethral function by pressure-flow studies.
Bioengineering. Catch-all or cornucopia?
Standards for standards.
Medical engineering and industry.
AAMI FDA National Conference on Medical Device Standards, Washington, D.C., May 20-21, 1972. Summary of Task Force recommendations.
Standardization, self-regulation, and acceptance programs for dental materials and devices.
The potential usefulness of arterial tonometry for the measurement of instantaneous changes of arterial blood pressure.
Multiple junctions in the pipework of pilot plant fermenters.
Laboratory ventilation and fume dispersal.
New developments in lower-limb orthotics through bioengineering.
AAMI FDA National Conference on Medical Device Standards, Washington, D.C., May 20-21, 1972. Introduction.
Nuclear impact on the field of medicine.
Neutron radiography.
Testing pleural drainage pumps.
Fibrillatory current thresholds & standards.
Recent NFPA action.
Engineers help the disabled.
Patient monitoring by radiotelemetry: reliability on a medical ward.
Ultrasonic imaging equipment being developed at Glasgow.
Project FAIR: a specialised information centre for biomedical engineering.
Experimental studies to design safe external pediatric paddles for a DC defibrillator.
Resolution characteristics of tomographic rotating collimator systems.
An external device for management of male urinary incontinence.
Possibility of Doppler measurement of cardiac output.
Routine automated electrocardiogram interpretation.
Bioengineering at the University of Strathclyde, Glasgow.
Engineering involvement in the design of primary health care delivery systems, an example.
The velocity of ultrasound in human blood under varying physiologic parameters.
Measurement of regional myocardial perfusion in man with  133 xenon and a scintillation camera.
US industry: a report.
A self-contained, portable apparatus for preservation of donor kidneys.
Characterizaton of parallel-plate Kiil dialysers.
An electrode system with rounded edges for direct ventricular defibrillation.
Duplicate or diversify?
Bio-medical engineering research at the University of Sussex.
A simple heart model designed to demonstrate biological system simulation.
simulation in biomedical teaching. Introduction.
The future of training in biomedical engineering.
Transient heat measurements: a transducer model.
Digital simulation analysis of biophysical systems.
A digital-computer simulation of the human speech-production mechanism.
Interaction model between the circulatory and respiratory systems.
Cardiovascular system simulation in biomedical engineering education.
Improved technology and enhanced accomplishment of gastric freezing. An experimental study.
Human calorimetry with a water-cooled garment.
Design for positive pressure respirators.
Application of automated multiphasic health testing in clinical medicine. The current state of the art.
Thermal regulation of pediatric patients in the operating room by means of an air fluidized bed.
Powered lower limb orthotics in paraplegia.
Biomedical engineering in ear surgery.
Standardized methods for the in vivo evaluation of artificial surfaces.
Control of flow in the evaluation of blood compatibility of biomaterials.
Some methods for in vitro estimation of the blood compatibility of biomaterials.
The second decade of biomaterials development and evaluation: a time to apply the scientific method.
Inducing bone growth in vivo by pulse stimulation.
Mitral disc-valve variance.
An inexpensive optical scanner for the laboratory computer.
Tomosynthesis: a three-dimensional radiographic imaging technique.
Intracorporeal circulation pump. A contribution to the development of mechanical heart substitutes.
Medical instrumentation in peripheral vascular disease.
Design studies for a biomedical gas chromatograph.
Editorial: "Hospital engineers licensed for what?".
A new approach to Engineering education- the WPI plan.
The biomedical engineer in the medical center.
Editorial: Undergraduate education for Medical Engineering.
Biomedical engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology (Madras)-I.
Medical engineering technology at the University of New Mexico.
An applied bioengineering curriculum.
Editorial: hazards from hospital equipment.
Potential contributions of engineering to biology and medicine.
UNIDO. The role of Unido in biomedical engineering.
System planning and maintenance in developing countries.
Biomedical engineering in West Germany.
Development and manufacture of bioinstruments in India.
Dynamic response characteristics of the human vertebral column. An experimental study on human autopsy specimens.
The problems of establishing cardiac electronic facilities for a surgical unit in an isolated medical community.
Tektite II: medical supervision of the scientists in the sea. 9. Tektite logistics.
