Unmanned Martian roving vehicle. Inspires stair-climbing wheelchair.
"Know-how" in aids for handicapped.
Interdisciplinary research on locomotion at the college of medicine.
An instrument for measuring urinary output volume.
A new bi-polar coagulator.
A twelve channel bacterial growth monitoring system.
Contained cautery: studies toward safer laparoscopic sterilization technics.
Engineers solve long-bone fracture problem.
The future impact of science and technology on medicine: basic research.
Bioneering engimedical have we got our wires crossed?
A model of conditional reflex.
An electronic stimulator for biomedical research.
Mitral-valve mechanics stress-strain characteristics of excised leaflets, analysis of its functional mechanics and its medical application.
Laboratory tests on total joint replacement prostheses.
Accelerometry a technique for the measurement of human body movements.
Nonverbal communication: an alternate mode of communication for the child with severe cerebral palsy.
Design aids for simple magnet systems useful in biomedical applications.
On the feasibility of closed-loop control of intra-aortic balloon pumping.
The British Association of Surgical Oncology.
A miniature gas-pressure valve.
Video analysis of low flow rates.
The ethics of biomedical engineering.
The law and the biological revolution.
The biomedical revolution.
Living and dying: a delicate balance.
Radiation protection of the cornea and lens during petrous-bone tomography.
Instrumentation for hospitals in India.
New thermometers for deep tissue temperature.
The effect of corticosteroids on the retinal cryoadhesion.
Hazard: Blount Percent-Adapter.
Health care and technology.
A new look at ballistocardiography.
Cooling equipment for use in cryopreservation.
Biomedical engineering the beauty and the beast.
Accurate two-dimensional eye tracker using first and fourth Purkinje images.
Handicapped children learn written communication.
To heal the wound.
Genetic technology: law and policy for the brave new world.
Circuit for searching for a signal from a three aerial system during inductive loop telemetry.
Gas chromatograph-minicomputer system. Design and application to biomedical problems.
An adaptive multi-functional hand prosthesis.
Factors affecting the collection and analysis of radiotracer images.
Collimation for rectilinear scanners and camera imaging equipment.
The care and feeding of medical nuclear instrumentation.
A prosthesis for the deaf based on cortical stimulation.
Performance analysis of imaging systems.
Mechanical factors in the design of chronic recording intracortical microelectrodes.
The American way of drugging: drugs, doctors, and junkies.
Message from the President: The cost of medical device standards.
Guest editorial: The fourth Arthur C. Beall, Jr.  :.D.  Commemorative Lecture.
Keynote address: all the people or all the patients?
Outline of procedures for processing American national standards.
Questions and answers about AAMI's standards program.
A device for crossing threshold of sound booth.
Development of an orthotopic cardiac prosthesis.
Nearest age (or quartile) calculator.
Stiffness: a review of its measurement and physiological importance.
Lubrication and wear of joints.
Use of trunk supports for severely paralyzed people.
Bio-medical engineering at the University of Utah.
Precision gas mixing technique for medical applications.
Bioengineering in a community hospital. 3. Training.
An inexpensive diversity receiving system for medical telemetry.
Annual administrative reviews: personnel management.
Moral issues and priorities in biomedical engineering.
Clinical nutrition applications of space food technology.
Health science and society.
Technology and values: new ethical issues raised by technological progress.
Legal implications of biomedical science and technology in the twenty-first century.
Applications of synthetic implants. Summary.
Industrial considerations of biomaterials.
Medical devices and judicial legislation.
The role of materials research in improving synthetic implants.
Factors affecting the design of control systems for prosthetic devices.
Bioengineering in a community hospital. 2. Patient care.
Difference-field method for determining electrical conductivity.
60-HZ interference in electrocardiography.
An IC piezoresistive pressure sensor for biomedical instrumentation.
Medical engineering at the Leipzig autumn fair.
Ohio medical products nebulizer and flowmeter.
Cuffed endotracheal tubes.
Ceramics, glasses, and composites in medicine.
Electroneuroprostheses: past and present uses in man.
Children's wheelchairs.
A laminar-flow sterile products department. An example of modern biomedical engineering.
The investigation and management of incontinence of urine in women.
The objective recording of the biomechanical profile of reflexes by means of a kinesiometer.
Bioengineering in a community hospital. 1. Instrumentation.
Motorized stretching of the soleus and gastrocnemius muscles.
What's a clinical engineer?
Long-term follow-up results with the pubo-vaginal spring device in incontinence of urine in women; comparison with electronic methods of control.
What's new in surgery. Orthopedic surgery.
Physical disability. Bioengineering.
A nuclear powered pacemaker fuelled by Pm147.
Aeration in tower fermenters containing microorganisms.
Editorial: Bioengineering in medical schools of the United States and Canada: a survey.
BMET report: developing a hospital medical equipment maintenance program using BMETs.
What is surgical research?
The bioengineering of immobilized enzymes.
The connection.
Games for the severely disabled.
Treatment of lacrimal deficiencies. Mechanical devices.
Equipment complexes for outfitting medical institutes.
Characteristics of apparatus designed to act on an organism during bioelectrical examinations.
Foreign biomedical equipment at the Gerontology-72 International Exhibition.
Biomedical engineering supply to hospitals.
Gas permeability of polymer films for use in membrane oxygenators.
Prediction of surface area in polydisperse gas-suspension systems with variable apparent surface tension, viscosity and density.
Collaborative possibilities between engineering and medicine in artificial organ research.
Current status of special air-handling systems in operating rooms.
Bioengineering in medical schools of the United States and Canada: a survey.
Public health report.
A "piped" automatic defibrillation system using one master supply unit.
A hydraulic microdrive for the remote control of micromanipulation: economically constructed.
Semiautomatic quantification of sharpness of EEG phenomena.
Quantification of hand tremor in the clinical neurological examination.
Veterans Administration Prosthetics Center research report.
1972 Landis Award presentation to Curt W. Wiederhielm.
Validation and bioengineering aspects of an implantable glucose sensor.
