The remarkable new prosthetics.
Biomedical engineering education a professional challenge.
Modular wheelchair.
Biomedical technology the ethical dilemmas.
Engineers as OR team members.
Editorial: Birth pangs and growing pains.
Science, ethics, and nursing.
Editorial: AAMI Membership Directory: AAMI utilizes computer technology.
System engineering applied to health care.
New quantity-manufactured equipment.
Limitation of correction of frequency dependent artefact in pressure recordings using harmonic analysis.
The provision of a service in rehabilitation engineering.
Modernization of the technology for electrocardiographic examinations.
Biomedical engineering provision of extracorporeal circulation under hyperbaric oxygenation conditions.
Electromedical service red herring or bread and butter?
A system for the study of man's equilibrium.
Implantable cardiac pacemakers status report and resource guideline. Pacemaker Study Group.
Can doctors be deaf to those begging to die?
Medicine in the Common Market. Clinical medicine and research in Britain.
Specialized medical vehicles.
Device for induction electrostimulation of a gastrointestinal anastamosis after gastric resection.
The contribution of medical engineering to resuscitation measures after head injuries.
Assistor for direct mechanical heart massage.
Methods and instruments for automatic arterial pressure measurement.
Medical engineering in reanimation and intensive care wards (review).
Hyperbaric oxygenation center.
Rational list of medical equipment for the resuscitation and intensive care unit of general hospitals.
Current problems of equipping resuscitation and intensive care wards.
Experience with the work of a production combine in the medical engineering industry.
Medical equipment in the resuscitation and intensive care unit.
Evgenii Borisovich Babskii.
The acoustical engineer's viewpoint of hearing aid design.
Advances in artificial pulmonary ventilation as illustrated by the RO-6 respirator.
Organization of medical research around biomedical engineering.
Measurement of patient body capacitance and a method of patient isolation in mains environments.
An ergometer bicycle controlled by heart rate.
The Minnesota impedance cardiograph- theory and applications.
Medical physics and medical engineering.
An aid for disabled drivers a powered hoist for wheelchair stowage.
Recent advances in biomedical engineering.
The development of a cotton dust standard.
Enzymatic RNA reduction in disintegrated cells of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Influence of intraparticle diffusional limitation on the observed kinetics of immobilized enzymes and on catalyst design.
Kinetics studies in a continuous steady state hollow fiber membrane enzyme reactor.
Canadian mechanical engineers design automatic system for fast, accurate manufacture of prosthetics.
Aids for the disabled: do-it-yourself hospital.
Aids for the disabled: design for the handicapped child.
The fifth Arthur C. Beall, Jr., M.D., commemorative lecture: regulatory standards and the voluntary sector.
Patient monitoring at The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto.
Medical instrumentation is for people.
Medical devices and United States foreign policy.
Editorial: Some observations on pending device legislation.
Editorial: Message from the President of the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation.
The design of a new system for ultrasonic foetal cephalometry.
Some problems in the design of pneumatic aerosol inhalers.
The lastest in dosimetry of UHF-therapy procedures.
Perfected physiotherapeutic equipment.
Aspects of the electrical hazards of electrical treatment equipment.
"Potok-1" apparatus for galvanization.
Evaluation of the Philips Hb oximeter.
Industry and biomedical sciences in India.
Medical electronics in India.
Medical and engineering problems of blood viscosity.
The use of state logic in biomedical instrumentation.
What is surgical research?
Biomedical engineering an annotated guide to sources of information. 2.
The timing headgear.
Mobility and reading aids for the blind: recent developments in rehabilitation devices.
Bio-engineering a perspective.
Dying in a technological society.
Medical ethics for today's Catholic hospitals.
Wheelchair design technological and physiological aspects.
Editorial: Partners in the art.
Implantable bio-electrochemical power sources.
Biomedical engineering an annotated guide to sources of information. 1.
The biomedical engineer, new member of the health team.
Wheelchair design survey of users' views.
Vergence eye movements.
Electrical aspects of demand pacemaker inhibition induced by lead fracture and its prevention by a catheter checking system.
Proceedings: Dangerous electricity enunciator and detector.
Proceedings: A regional medical engineering plan.
Proceedings: Microcomputers applied to medical instrumentation.
Evaluation of adaptive automotive driving aids for the disabled.
The "slippery slope" of science.
Biological timebombs under the law.
The specter of eugenics.
Engineering versus disease.
Operational amplifier circuit for linearizing temperature readings from thermistors.
An automated tilting bed for continuous control of blood pressure.
Development of a Korotkov sound processor for automatic identification of auscultatory events. II. Decision logic specifications and operational verification.
Development of a Korotkov sound processor for automatic identification of auscultatory events. I. Specification of preprocessing bandpass filters.
Biomedical engineering characteristics of the injection of drug preparations by the jet method into the wall of the trachea and bronchi.
Problems and prospects in medical equipment standardization.
Simulation: from physical to physiological.
Physicians and medical electronic equipment: a critical review of our modus operandi.
Production of anesthetic and electromedical equipment at the "Krasnogvardeets" Leningrad Trust and introduction of new technological processes.
Facing the decisions that medical science has forced upon us.
Servo-regulated electromagnetic system for muscle stretch and vibration.
Editorial: Education and the bioscientist.
Medical benefits from space research.
The legal implications of ectogenetic research.
Due process in the allocation of scarce lifesaving medical resources.
What's happening to biomedical engineering in Canada?
Managing the maintenance of medical devices and systems.
Electromedical instrumentation in India: present and future.
Instrumentation and methods in clinical and research medicine: a collaborative program.
Models of curricula for biomedical engineering at technical universities.
Developments in methods and instrumentation for clinical and research medicine.
Clinical engineering: now and in the future.
Electrical environment in the operating room.
Compatibility and flexibility in surgical suites.
Architectural and engineering aspects of the operating room environment.
Pseudofusion beats masquerading as pacemaker failure.
Low-drain EEG amplifier.
A device for the calculation of dP-dt-P with internal calibration.
Ultrasound dosage for nontherapeutic use on human beings extrapolations from a literature survey.
Promoting development of medical devices.
Biomedical engineering in vascular surgery.
Contemporary thoughts on aspects of applied microbiology.
Technology advances the frontiers of rehabilitation.
Rapid detection of bacterial activity using impedance measurements.
Improvements in biogalvanic energy sources.
The clinical engineer and the spinal-cord-injured person.
Chronobiophysics.
The directions for future research on sensory prostheses.
Hyperkinesis: the objective evaluation of therapeutic procedures.
An advanced design of the Carlson-Crittenden cup for collection of parotid fluid.
Establishment of a theoretical base-design of a lower extremity prosthesis.
Sphericity examinations of arthroplastic total hip prostheses.
Desirable performance characteristics of anesthetic machines.
Mitral valve replacement with cloth-covered composite-seat prostheses. The case for early operation.
Electron microscopy and physical chemistry of healing in prosthetic heart valves, skirts, and struts. Modification by electrochemically clean physiologic surfaces.
