An experimental high-performance photodensitometer for quantitative chromatography. I. Design and construction.
A triumph of technology.
On nature, man, and society: a basis for scientific modeling.
Remarks on biomedical engineering.
The physician, the manufacturer, and medical devices.
Norman Capener, the surgeon.
The AAMI contract approach to standards development.
AAMI biomedical standards available.
Some criteria for making decisions concerning the distribution of scarce medical resources.
DNA splicing: will fear rob us of its benefits?
The rehabilitation engineering program.
Generation of complex waveforms for biomedical application.
The Wellcome Laboratories: BES summer visit.
Clinical engineering and the background of interdisciplinary engineering.
Karen Quinlan's coma.
The regulation of genetic engineering.
Indefinite prolongation of terminal life.
Futures planning: biology, society, and ethical education.
Medical ethics in a revolutionary age.
Application of engineering principles in management of spinal cord injured patients.
Television in medicine.
Meeting report: toilet arrangements design of fixtures and fittings.
A logical approach to project planning.
Problems of research and development in health services.
Administrative responsibility for the use of electronic devices in hospitals.
Cloran telescoping oral orthosis.
Russell R. Pfeiffer, 1934-1975.
Medical engineering helps handicapped children.
In-service training fills critical need for medical instrumentation.
Editorial: 1960 BES 1975.
Rehabilitation and engineering.
Due process in the allocation of scarce lifesaving medical resources.
Regarding the end of medicine and the pursuit of health.
Electronic peroneal brace with a new sequence of stimulation.
A self-contained hydraulic power source for artificial upper limbs.
Midification of a nitrous oxide sedation apparatus to provide capability for intermittent positive pressure ventilation.
Designing for the disabled.
Care of medical instrumentation.
BES Biomedical Electrodes and Transducers Group inaugural meeting.
Spinal-cord injury rehabilitation. New approaches.
Polymers in contact with the body.
Research or retrench: the rehabilitation professions challenged.
Scientific freedom and responsibility.
Instrumentation: user education and cost justification needed.
Locomotion studies as an aid in clinical assessment of childhood gait.
Malaise of clinical organ grafting.
Letter: Television signal interference.
Letter: Design of Boyle Absorber.
AAMI Standards Committee activities.
Rationalization of standards for medical devices-Part 1.
Standards-their impact upon the economics of instrumentation development.
AAMI state of the union message.
The Sixth Arthur C. Beall, Jr., M.D., Commemorative Lecture: Whither progress?
Elements of an instrumentation repair shop.
Engineering considerations in the design of an ankle joint.
Parameter identification of signals composed of delayed exponentials.
Biomedical engineers receive AAMI Foundation Award.
Development of a miniature pH glass electrode with field-effect-transistor amplifier for biomedical applications.
Biofeedback as a medical treatment.
The Automated Physician's Assistant.
Engineering in a clinical environment: an analysis in a cerebral palsy center.
The clinical engineer as an interface in the hospital.
The applications and limitations of genetic engineering the ethical implications.
Inners and biocontrol models.
Medical equipment hazards practical experience in a large region.
Labex International 75.
A modified Queensway wheelchair.
Biomedical engineering program to upgrade biomedical equipment technicians.
Experience with a training program in technology in health care.
Photon-coupled isolators an example of design.
Board of Examiners initiates clinical engineering certification program.
FDA regulatory standards: the development/concensus process.
Notice of availability of electrical safety standard.
Survey of instrument science courses in the UK.
The biomedical engineer and the health care system.
Biomedical engineering education: how to do what, with which, and to whom.
Biomedical engineering education for employment by industry.
A clinically oriented bioengineering program for undergraduates.
Organization and function of a hospital biomedical engineering internship program.
A collaborative approach to bioengineering education.
A survey analysis of biomedical engineering education.
Biomedical engineering in health care potential versus reality.
Current issues in biomedical engineering education.
A practical technique for monitoring extradural pressure.
Work of the Council of Representatives and of the Coordination Center of COMECON nations of the problem "Creation of biomedical instruments and apparatus for research and clinical medicine".
Socialist competition at the all-union Scientific-Research Institute of Medical Instrument Manufacture.
Biomedical engineering and scientific technical progress.
Biomedical engineering practice or research?
The biomedical engineering quandary.
Role of science in the development of biomedical engineering in our country (250th anniversary of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR).
The ethics of living and dying today.
The biomedical engineer in the hospital.
The biomedical engineer and the doctor.
The role of a department of physiological (clinical) measurement in the UK National Health Service.
The ergonomically-organised environment.
Clinical engineer interface.
Biomedical technology: is there a need?
A five-year review of clinical experience with John Hoplins University externally powered upper-limb prostheses and orthoses.
Value dilemmas in the professional conduct of social science.
Physiological aspects of deep sea biology.
Proportionally controlled linear power assist device for artificial arms.
A versatile joint rotation device for externally energized upper-limb prostheses.
Measurements of repetitive activities of the knee.
Physical response of SACH feet under laboratory testing.
A voluntarily controlled electrohydraulic above-knee prosthesis.
Ferrite beads prevent television interference to vital medical equipment.
A thermostatic system for biomedical applications.
What is a soft lens?
Prototype for an implantable insulin delivery pump.
Automated system for measurement of mechanics of breathing.
Emergency medical services biomedical telemetry standard.
Bioengineers meet at Westminster.
Biomedical data-recording and storage system.
Scientific, technical, and economic collaboration of countries of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance in biomedical engineering and tasks of trade journals.
Bronchofiberscopy.
Liquid breathing trials and animal studies with a demand-regulated liquid breathing system.
Clinical application study of externally powered upper-limb prosthetics systems: the VA elbow, the VA hand, and the VA/NU myoelectric hand systems.
Rehabilitation engineering: new hope for the permanently disabled.
