Medicine by machines.
Automated preventative maintenance scheduling system.
Safety engineering and safety education.
Development of electronic equipment cooperation between hospital and industry.
A limit to hydraulic design of heart valve prostheses.
Factors involved in clinical engineering employement opportunities.
How to educate clinical engineers the internship approach.
A hospital engineering management educational program.
Principles of the design and operation of generic osmotic pumps for the delivery of semisolid or liquid drug formulations.
A method of measuring the temporal/distance factors of gait.
Rehabilitation engineering at Rancho Los Amigos Hospital.
Shared engineering.
An implantable electromagnetic sound source for speech production.
A microelectronic pH sensor.
Can technology solve the abortion dilemma?
Directory of local & regional biomedical organizations.
A specialist/generalist peer group certification system.
Professional engineering registration and clinical engineering.
Plugs and receptacles in the hospital: a compendium for the clinical engineer.
The cost of a clinical engineering department.
The hospital instrumentation department: delivering clinical engineering services to the hospital community.
The biomedical equipment technician.
An endoscopic carrier with complete directional control: design principles.
Medical devices as medical problems: the regulation of devices for clinical use.
Biomedical Research and Medical Technology Protection Act of 1976.
Design and evaluation of head unit for wheelchair control by quadriplegic patients.
Personal perspectives in medical ethics.
Hospital technical services and electrical safety.
On discrete deconvolution.
Electromagnetic blood flow measurement.
Impact 1976 federal medical devices legislation.
Biomedical ethics and the shadow of Nazism: a conference on the proper use of the Nazi analogy in ethical debate, 8 Apr 1976.
Biomedical maintenance program reduces cost and assures quality.
The concept of intensive medicine. A systems approach of importance to medical engineers.
Biomedical engineering for "The Age of Health".
Who serves the technology of health care.
The encapsulation of microelectronic devices for long-term surgical implantation.
Progress in biochemical engineering.
Too much medical technology?
More about Karen Ann Quinlan.
Clinical engineering: professionalization progresses.
A miniaturized load cell for lower extremity amputees.
A charge coupled transversal filter for biomedical signal conditioning.
A versatile microprocessor based instrumentation system for use in biomedical engineering instruction.
Ethical problems: the year 2000.
Ethical considerations on the applications of biology.
Inexpensive tape cassette logging of data: bioengineering applications with minicomputers.
A bioengineering analysis of force actions at the knee in normal and pathological gait.
The Seventh Arthur C. Beall, Jr., M.D., Commemorative Lecture: medical instrumentation's new regulatory environment.
President's address: planning for the future.
1976 AAMI Foundation Award recipient chosen.
Personal reminiscence of William B. Kouwenhoven.
William B. Kouwenhoven, a poineer biomedical engineer.
Maintenance of equipment.
Clinical engineering at Case Western Reserve.
Arthur Skowron.
On the relations of medical triage to world famine: an historical survey.
Microprocessors in health care: panacea or more effervescent technology?
Home care: a biomedical engineering challenge.
Longitudinal unobtrusive measurements in rehabilitation.
Clinical engineering. A potential resource of engineering services.
Clinical engineering in the hospital.
Biomedical engineering technician assistance.
Certification would hinder systems engineers.
Sound reward toys.
The evolution of undergraduate biomedical engineering education and the professional opportunities for program graduates.
VA clinical engineering program: status report.
Inexpensive probe for control of foaming in batch and continuous cultures.
Professionalism in rehabilitation in the 1980's.
Hospital safety and medical instrumentation practices.
Human values and biotechnology.
The non-hermetically sealed pacemaker myth, or, Navy-Ribicoff 22,000-FDA-Weinberger o.
Cost analysis of a viable clinical engineering service.
Bioengineering at University of Cape Town & Groote Schuur Hospital.
The coming generation to match the new technology.
Biomedical engineering in West Germany.
New developments in lasers at wavelengths of 3000 A and below.
Current status of laser fusion research at Battelle.
Who should decide?  The case of Karen Quinlan.
An electric podometer for long term studies of repetitive loading.
Apnoea monitor for laboratory animals.
Modulation transfer functions of tomographic systems.
Analogue-display rate meter built around digital switching elements.
A manipulandum for human motor studies.
Clinical engineering at Sinai Hospital of Baltimore.
Biomedical technologists who's qualified?
In-hospital medical equipment maintenance.
Clinical engineering: the means by which instrumentation and technology can be used for health service delivery.
Nyack shared engineering plan.
Clinical systems engineering.
Multi-state, multi-service corporate model.
A rocking motion sensor for the blind.
Physiological data collection system for field use in trained military dogs.
A new biomedical mechanical impedance bridge.
A comparison of three ventricles used for left ventricular bypass in the calf.
Automatic control of the artificial heart.
Prolonged pulsatile and nonpulsatile LV bypass with a centrifugal pump.
An intrathoracic solenoid drive system for chronic left ventricular bypass.
Editorial: Growth and maturity of medical research engineering.
The characterization of intima development in left ventricular assist device (LVAD) and total artificial heart (TAH).
Design and evaluation of a percutaneous transthoracic cannula.
