Technology in health services delivery.
Planning in clinical engineering.
Biomedical equipment maintenance education programs in the United States Army.
Testing instrumentation for medical equipment: Part 3.
Veterans Administration documents on electrical safety and service manuals.
Considerations in developing an effective biomedical equipment repair program.
Some current requirements under the FDA medical device regulations.
Classification in medical engineering.
Herbert total knee prosthesis: combined laboratory and clinical assessment.
Purchase, repair or replace?
Hospital engineering management an educational program.
Who shall live?
A cardiac arrhythmia simulator.
A lifting wheelchair for paraplegic patients.
Clinical assessment of a new weight-relieving brace.
A method for designing an instrument system controller.
Servo control of atrial and/or arterial blood pressures in experimental animals.
A non-invasive technique for detecting stress waves in bone using the piezoelectric effect.
Improvement of defibrillators for EMS use: a problem in engineering and medicine.
Cochlear prostheses. A state-of-the-art review.
Calibration, maintenance, and repair.
Arizona's shared engineering service.
Developing your hospital's biomedical engineering skills.
Fear and DNA.
Some aspects of antibiotics research.
Foreign literature on dental engineering.
Spotlight on: Mercy Hospital, Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Negative resistance patient isolators some considerations.
Jobs and clinical engineering.
The role of biomechanics in total joint replacement surgery.
Simple equipment used in clinical practice for evaluation of locomotion.
Time, date, and event code generator to identify physiologic events simultaneously recorded on magnetic tape and oscillographic paper.
Symposium: humanism and medical ethics.
Aging in a culture without a future.
Modelling in biomedical research.
Current problems in cardiology.
Review of two books on death and dying.
Medical engineering education in Sweden with reference to other Nordic countries.
Identification of speech sounds displayed on a vibrotactile vocoder.
Integrated behavior of artificial skin.
A recommended protocol for pacemaker follow-up: analysis of 1,705 implanted pacemakers.
Clinical engineering: an in-depth review of its economic potential.
The moral dilemmas of the biological revolution.
It's impossible to avoid a decision that saves some and condemns others.
Validity and reliability of pedometers in habitual activity research.
A portable heart rate distribution recorder for studying daily physical activity.
"Job descriptions" & "work objectives" in clinical engineering: part 2.
The "super clinical engineer".
The need for clinical engineers and BMETS in determining policy for health-care systems.
The lung ventilator an engineering appraisal.
Intraoperative autotransfusion and air embolism.
"Administrative dilemma the need for an in-house clinical engineer".
Electrocution: an ever-present hazard.
The case for the in-house clinical engineer.
Health care professionals assess problems, promises of technology.
A communication system prosthesis.
An impedance pneumograph utilizing microprocessor-based instrumentation.
Combination sensors for the measurement of light distribution, temperature increase and electrical activity in the retina.
Clinical engineering contributions to a circulatory support service.
Voice controlled wheelchair.
"Job descriptions" & "work objectives" in clinical engineering: part 1.
Clinical engineering internship at Ohio State University.
Role of clinical engineering in hospital management.
A course in medicine and clinical engineering for engineers.
The bio-engineer his role today.
Engineers and the medical profession.
Keeping up with...new roles in health care: the clinical engineer.
Social concern and biological advances.
Viewpoints on life and death.
Biomedical instrumentation in the Soviet Union.
Biomedical maintenance what's it worth to you?
Mechanics allied to orthoses.
Total functional assessment of orthoses.
Possum means "I can"!
Status of clinical engineers.
Neuro-optometry: an evolving specialty clinic.
Clinical engineering and safe, effective medical devices.
Human spare parts.
Bundle of His measurements.
The dilemmas of our "biological revolution".
Therapeutic choice and moral doubt in a technological age.
Health and society: some ethical imperatives.
The growth of medical technology and bureaucracy: implications for medical care.
Bioethics and social responsibility.
Advances in electrical assist devices.
Control and monitoring system for clinically employed pneumatic blood pumps.
Peak and phasic changes of power utilization of a total artificial heart in response to after-load.
Protracted parenteral drug infusion in ambulatory subjects using an implantable infusion pump.
A preliminary report of a simple rig to aid study of the functional anatomy of the cadaver human knee joint.
The physician, the manufacturer, and medical devices.
A simple cardiovascular system simulator: design and performance.
Current and future aspects of biomedical engineering.
Coupling thermodynamics applied in chemical morphogenesis; influence of environmentally organized space-time structures upon nonequilibrium entropy functions of multivariate biosystems.
Fabrication of glass micropipettes with well defined tip configuration by hydrofluoric acid etching.
Precision calibration of patient care equipment as failure predictor.
FGP assessment of postural disorders during the process of rehabilitation.
Clinical engineering the administrator's perspective.
A new parallel plate dialyser. I. Development and testing of membrane support.
A new parallel plate dialyser. III. Preliminary experience on clinical performance.
A new parallel plate dialyser. II. Description of design and in vitro performance.
Fluidics and pneumatics: principles and applications in anaesthesia.
Studies on computerized perimetry.
Fabrication of pH-sensitive implantable electrode by thick film hybrid technology.
