Presentation of the clinical engineering role to hospital administrators.
Job forecasting in the biomedical engineering disciplines.
Development of an in-house clinical engineering shared service.
Rehabilitation engineering as the crow flies. Part V a problem-solving method for rehabilitation engineering.
A radiotelemetry transmitter for transmitting temperatures from small animals.
Bioinstrumentation: twentieth century slave.
Symbiosis: nursing and the bioengineer.
Biomedical instrumentation and the nurse practitioner.
Symposium on bioinstrumentation for nurses.
Hospital engineering education in the U.S.A.
Biomedical equipment selection and type-approval.
The study of biomedical engineering in developing countries.
Analysis of BMET certification applications.
Future directions for biomedical engineering research: Recommendations of an evaluation workshop for the NIGMS physiology and biomedical engineering program.
Services to bioengineering in the United Kingdom: addendum.
Separation testing of hemodialysis shunts using dynamic and static forces in a controlled environment.
The many facets of bio-medical engineering. Keynote address to 7th Conference Canadian Medical and Biological Engineering Society. Vancouver, British Columbia, August 14, 1978.
Clinical engineering from the administrator's perspective.
Technology for human rehabilitation.
Biomedical engineering needs teamwork to succeed.
Health technology assessment and impact.
The price of life.
Cerebellar electrical stimulation: a critique.
Biomedical troubleshooters.
How do medical device amendments affect OR nurses?
Hospital maintenance in developing countries.
Problems with telemetry monitoring systems.
A clinical engineering department's recordkeeping program.
The market potential for medical equipment.
Bacteria induced to produce insulin identical to humans'.
Introduction to the issue: some dilemmas of biotechnological research.
Development of modular laboratory equipment for instruction in biomedical instrumentation.
Laser photocoagulation for gastrointestinal bleeding.
The new life-or-death choices.
Test tube baby.
New sharing arrangements meet hospitals' technical support needs.
Unanswered questions on test tube life.
The wonder baby: a wake of moral dilemmas.
Rehabilitation engineering as the crow flies. Part IV Criteria and constraints.
Measurement of prosthetic alignment.
OR nurses' concerns about air-powered units.
Rehabilitation engineering a growing part of the rehabilitation services.
Medical research on human subjects.
Irreverent test tubes.
Clinical engineering and nursing: an amiable marriage.
Maintenance manuals and the law.
Zinder vs. Callahan.
Towards a reduction in error in the radiological measurement of growth in long leg bones of children.
A method for deriving viscoelastic modulus for skeletal muscle from transient pulse propagation.
An esophageal multiprobe for temperature, electrocardiogram, and heart and lung sounds measurements.
An adaptive coherent optical processor for cell recognition and counting.
Signal processing of broadband pulsed ultrasound: measurement of attenuation of soft biological tissues.
An alternative phototherapy light combination.
Early electromedicine and the Frankenstein myth.
Novel method for fabricating capillary membrane oxygenators.
An apparatus for generating controlled ramp movements during studies of muscle spindle afferent activity and muscle tone in man.
Senate would safeguard patients but not devices.
Theology confronts technology and the life sciences.
Managing the new technology.
How to save with BME.
Skills required for clinical engineering practice: results of a survey.
Development of instruction in hospital electrical safety for medical education.
Neurosurgery and clinical engineering.
The impending society of immortals.
Two new concepts that might lead to a wearable artificial kidney.
Combined technological-clinical approach to wearable dialysis.
Human factors and the handicapped.
The science base and social context of health maintenance: an overview.
Biomedical engineering in developing countries: three years experience in Nigeria.
Prospects of biomedical engineering and recombinant DNA in orthodontics.
Proceedings of the Fifteenth Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the Fifteenth International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium held April 17, 18,1978, Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa.
Specialist services: the maintenance of electronic and bio-medical engineering equipment.
Health care as a human right.
Concerns about science and attempts to regulate inquiry.
Rehabilitiation of engineering as the crow flies. Part I-Development of the biomechanics clinic team.
The application of experimental design in bioengineering.
On swallowing the surgeon.
Pacemaker programmability.
Directory of local & regional biomedical organizations.
Sources of clinical engineering employment information.
Cost effective clinical engineering internships in community hospitals.
Professionalism in clinical engineering.
Is the right-to-die wrong?
The orthopedic surgeon and rehabilitation engineering.
Biomedical regulatory standards development as an educational and design review process.
Legal and practical problems facing the clinical engineer.
Graduate education in computer systems in medicine a conceptual model. Canadian Organization for Advancement of Computers in Health.
Technology transfer: from space exploration to occupational therapy.
There had to be a better way.
An apparatus to assess function of the hand.
Focusing of an ultrasonic field upon transmission using an annular transducer.
A lifting wheelchair for paraplegic patients.
The development of flexible, kink-resistant, silicone rubber catheters.
Automatic recording of biological impedances.
Chemical engineering in medicine in North America.
Education and professional training of biomedical engineers in West Germany.
Control of upper-limb prostheses: a case for neuroelectric control.
A measure of blood flow from a frequency analysed ultrasonic Doppler signal.
A self-powered, preprogrammable, constant current, electronic stimulator for implantation in conscious and unrestrained, small animals.
The new biology in search of a soul.
Technology is getting a bum rap!
The changing social context for life and death decisions.
Health education: facing issues of policy, ethics, and social justice.
Finite state control of planar bipeds with application to walking and sitting.
The last issue of the journal of bioengineering.
A device designed to approximate shear forces on human skin (a preliminary study).
Impact characteristics of articular cartilage.
Instrumented measurement of human joint motion.
Auditory processing of speech and its implications with respect to prosthetic rehabilitation. The bioengineering viewpoint.
Rehabilitative engineering-a new era.
