Setting up a clinical engineering department.
Certification of clinical engineers.
The identification of priority areas for research in the external aids field of biomedical engineering.
Entering the eighties.
Prospects and hazards of new genetic technologies.
A BSc level option in biomedical electronics.
Patent protection for biological inventions review of recent case law in EEC countries.
Filtering of muscle artifact from the electroencephalogram.
Sequential multistate EMG signal processor.
A model of bioelectrode motion artefact and reduction of artefact by amplifier input stage design.
Designer and properties of a multianode, cylindrical proportional counter for position sensing at high count rates.
Automated instrumentation for research on the lingual tactile sensory system.
Load measurement in orthopaedics using strain gauges.
A body-worn delayed auditory feedback fluency aid for stammerers.
Veterans Administration BMET certification exam.
Computer-assisted medicine: How soft is software?
Bioethics and the occupational health nurse.
Analysis of duodenal contractility in the unanesthetized dog.
A discussion of issues challenging the practice of clinical engineering. A hospital association's viewpoint.
A discussion of issues challenging the practice of clinical engineering. A lawyer's viewpoint.
The progress of the past two decades in medical instrumentation.
Optimizing pacing lead design: redesign of the tined lead.
Do electrodes have a constituency?
Follow-up report on the electrically driven hand splint.
Sensory feedback in a myoelectric upper limb prosthesis: a preliminary report.
A data analysis microcomputer package (DAMP) for biomedical signals.
BMET: new member on the OR team.
A portable REM-detecting machine.
Preview abstracts. Frontiers of Engineering in health care. The Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society. October 6-7, 1979. Denver Hilton Hotel, Denver, CO.
Training of biomedical equipment technicians.
Continuing education for employed clinical engineers: review of perceptions.
Clinical engineering practices: device acquisition.
Spatial resolution of four electrode array.
A simple device for closed loop heart rate control during cardiac rehabilitation.
In-house medical device maintenance.
Small hospitals can save on maintenance.
Spinal injuries with tetraplegia and paraplegia.
Medical technology: the new revolution.
On the bioethics of Jewish law: the case of Karen Quinlan.
Imaging by nuclear magnetic resonance and its bio-medical implications.
Training for biomedical engineering in India.
Education and certification of biomedical engineers in Canada.
Presidential address: AAMI a forum for expressing various viewpoints.
Knee impedance testing machine.
An apparatus for measuring the forces of dental extraction.
Clinical engineering standards, obligations, and accountability.
The international standards competition.
Discrimination of phantom hand sensations elicited by afferent electrical nerve stimulation in below-elbow amputees.
A shocking experience: Ohm's Law and the nurse.
The role of the clinical engineer in hospital energy conservation.
Attempts to develop new types of human being.
A method for measurement of oxygen uptake in neonates.
Biomedical instrumentation for the measurements of skin sensitivity.
The characteristics of a low resistance breathing valve designed for the measurement of high aerobic capacity.
Small hospitals manage clinical equipment.
Protection of human subjects of biomedical and behavioral research.
Handling contaminated hemodialysis equipment.
The fabrication of artifacts out of glassy carbon and carbon-fiber-reinforced carbon for biomedical applications.
Position of bioengineering education in Hungary.
A device for the calibration of hot-film wall shear probes in liquids.
Modification of miniature flush surface wall shear probes for biomedical use.
The Life Sciences and Biomedical Engineering Branch (LSBEB) of the Aerospace Medical Association.
International Workshop on Biomedical Transducers and Measurements.
An infrared system for determining ocular position.
Integrated circuit implantable systems.
A regional model for a hospital-based clinical engineering internship program.
Continuing education for employed clinical engineers: review of education and requirements.
Scarce resources in health care.
The history of abortion: technology, morality, and law.
The cutting edge in medical ethics.
A dynamometer for biomechanical use.
The engineering of blood sugar.
Reduction to normal of plasma glucose in juvenile diabetes by subcutaneous administration of insulin with a portable infusion pump.
Clinical engineering practicum: a new approach in clinical engineering education.
Medical instrumentation and nosocomial infection.
Present use of clinical engineering in hospitals: a nationwide survey.
A moral revolution in medicine.
Biotechnology and the control of life.
Biomedical equipment maintenance in Canadian hospitals.
New apparatus for the induction of localized hyperthermia for treatment of neoplasia.
An FM electronics system for biomedical data recording.
Dual extra cardiac pacemaker.
Analog data recording with a video cassette recorder.
A convectional counter-stream sedimentation process for separating biological isotopes.
A low frequency meter with instantaneous response.
Recent advances in programmable pacemakers. Consideration of advantages, longevity and future expectations.
The autobiography of Joe. A medical device. Born: 1975. Died: 1983.
Clinical engineering practices: maintenance and safety testing of common electromedical devices.
Proceedings of the workshop on quantitative evaluation of periodontal diseases by physical measurement techniques.
Development of an artificial pancreas: the race is on.
Doctors' dilemma.
A resource for crippled children that more health professionals could use.
"Healthy dying": a paradoxical quest continues.
Medical ethics in the next 25 years.
Biotechnology and the social order.
An overview of biomedical policy: life and death issues.
Services to bioengineering in the United Kingdom.
A simplified method of attaching accelerometer packages to bone.
Percutaneous connections in man.
Design of an endoscopic carrier with complete directional control.
Destruction of noise in biotelemetry.
Synchronization in biotelemetry systems with time division of channels.
Blood compatibility of medical device materials as measured by lymphocyte function.
A general-purpose implantable multichannel telemetry system for physiological research.
Control sensors for biomedical systems.
Crash test dummy lower leg instrumentation for axial force and bending moment.
Viscoelastic properties of wet cortical bone I. Torsional and biaxial studies.
On modifications to the algebraic reconstruction techniques.
Engineering criteria for biomaterials: some thought on in situ measurements.
Controlled release micropump for insulin administration.
Biofeedback instruments for the management of anxiety and for relaxation training.
Alternative futures for biomedical research. The ALZA distinguished lecture.
The evolution of the society (presidential address).
Prosthetics.
Laser-Doppler anemometer to study velocity fields in the vicinity of prosthetic heart valves.
An apparatus for measuring the recoil characteristics of human skin in vivo.
Physiological monitoring of the head injury patient.
An integrated circuit approach to totally implantable telemetry systems.
