Regulation of medical devices in the U.S.: a disquisition for clinical engineers.
Significance of force-feedback in controlling artificial locomotion-manipulation systems.
Evaluation of arrhythmia detectors.
A camera-type diameter gauge applicable to small blood and lymph vessels.
Contributions of the basic sciences to successful clinical application of cardiopulmonary bypass.
Orthopaedics.
A new role for the hospital engineer: the technical administrator.
A distributed microprocessing system for laboratory computing.
Hyperactive judges.
Ethical engineers need not apply: the state of applied ethics today.
Signal statistics in objective auditory evoked potential (AEP) detection by the phase spectral method.
Optimization of carrier frequency and duty cycle for pulse modulation of biological signals.
The state of the art of biomedical engineering in the operative-endoscopic treatment of gastrointestinal bleedings.
Is one lung-cancer survivor worth
Does the in-hospital BMET face obsolescence?
The professional development degree for biomedical engineers.
ESU safety and the clinical engineer: purchasing, preventive maintenance, incident investigation.
Preview of abstracts. Frontiers of engineering in health care. Proceedings of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society conference September 28-30, 1980.
Abstracts of proceedings: 5th International Conference on Medical Physics and 12th International Conference on Medical and Biological Engineering.
Continuing education for employed clinical engineers: skills required for clinical engineering practice.
Corporate executive says era of the "bionic" man is now a scientific fact.
Fetal viability and individual autonomy: resolving medical and legal standards for abortion.
New technique for construction of tissue heart valves.
Matching technical jobs with needs.
Biomaterials supplement. Introductory remarks.
Presidential Address. A look down the road.
A clinical engineer's view of medical instrumentation.
A compact infrasound and pressure waveform generator for use with small cavities.
A thermal entrainment device for cardiovascular investigation.
Abstracts of proceedings: 5th International conference on Medical Physics and 12th International conference on Medical and Biological.
Good planning, sound management seen as keys to high-quality, low-cost health care, speakers say.
Bio-engineering in North Staffordshire.
Professional development of the BMET.
The evolution of an in house biomedical department.
Engineering in medicine.
Biomedical engineering: looking back over twenty years.
XII International Conference on Medical and Biological Engineering and V International Conference on Medical Physics. Ethical problems facing the bioengineer and medical technologist today.
Biomedical engineering and basic research: historical perspectives.
Biomedical engineering and materials for orthopaedic implants.
The role of bioengineering in orthopedics.
Technology in medicine: blessing or curse?
Critical light reflection at a plastic/glass interface and its application to foot pressure measurements.
Training and certification in the hospital scientific service.
System of reporting and comparing influence of ambulatory aids on gait.
A programmable polygon waveform generator.
Accelerated life testing of prosthetic heart valves.
Standards: a perspective.
The 1976 Medical Device Amendments: a status report.
Regulation of devices: a quickening pace.
The legal significance of clinical engineering certification.
Skill requirements for the rehabilitation engineer: results of a survey.
Conductivity monitor.
Academic focus: biomaterials activities at the University of Liverpool.
A biomedical tape recorder adapter with common-mode noise suppression.
General-purpose pulse generator for evaluating stimulating electrodes.
Ground fault detector for retrofit service.
Real time estimate of end-expired halothane concentration for surgical anesthesia.
Proceedings of the Seventeenth Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and Seventeenth International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. April 21-22, 1980.
Medicine and machines.
Seating the disabled.
A method of determining some non-standard Laplace transformations.
Simple kinematic gait measurements.
Paradox and partnership. The engineer's contribution to medicine.
Society of photo-optical instrumentation engineers: abstracts.
The symbiosis between engineering and medicine.
A frequency-time domain signal processing system.
Standards and consumer representation.
In standards development, who is the consumer of a medical device?
Southern California biomedical equipment technician apprenticeship program.
Recent progress in conventional defibrillation and the automatic implantable defibrillator: medical instrumentation, the companion issue of the proceedings.
Clinical engineering practices: BMET training at the high school level.
Clinical engineering an enigma in health care facilities.
New genetic technologies: prospects and hazards.
Studies on microbial barrier faucets for sterile solutions. III. An improved microbial barrier faucet.
The impact of technological innovation on clinical practice.
Stability of gamma ray detectors and measurement of blood flow by isotope clearance.
Two-dimensional echocardiography: methodology and application in clinical cardiology.
Biomedical Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology, (Madras)-II.
On the biomechanics of the shoulder complex.
A microprocessor controlled system for evaluating treatments for disabilities affecting the lower limbs.
A first-degree course in electronics, with medical instrumentation as a background topic.
The design and use of appropriate health technologies for developing countries.
The current status of medical telemetry.
An animal model for testing automatic defibrillators.
Implantable transducers and systems: closed-loop physiological control. Introduction.
First experience with a mobile total artificial heart system.
Demonstration of nonlinear acoustical effects at biomedical frequencies and intensities.
Prediction of nonlinear acoustic effects at biomedical frequencies and intensities.
Rehabilitation engineering.
Regulation and control in physiological systems: 1960-1980.
Veterans Administration Rehabilitative Engineering Research and Development Service Programs.
VA rehabilitation Engineering Center (VAREC).
In praise of progress reports.
A portable insulin infusion system with a rotary solenoid-driven peristaltic pump.
An apparatus for step length measurement.
A Nobel Prize for biobiomedical engineering.
Biomedical engineering specifications for epidural spinal cord stimulation to augment motor performance.
Remarks on bioengineering research priorities.
Eye-controlled communication aids.
Abstracts of the Third Purdue Conference on Cardiac Defibrillation and Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation. Purdue University September 11-13, 1979.
