Condemned to live.
A biomedical engineer's library.
Clinical engineering and hospital accreditation in Canada.
A hospital's role in training biomedical electronics technicians.
Clinical engineering strategies for career development.
Science, technology, and the limits of judicial competence.
Human engineering and the law.
Tinkering with life.
Rationing "normal" health care: the hidden legal issues.
The burned-out clinical engineer.
The use of Laguerre functions for parameter identification in a distributed biological system.
A microP-controlled sliding integrating-type differentiator for biomedical signal processing: application to dc ocular rheography.
Clinical engineering in the Southeast.
A moral allocation of scarce lifesaving medical resources.
Biotechnology and university ethics: the new paradise and the potential fall.
The politics of biomedical technology.
Bioethical decisions: the political context and challenges.
Biomedical engineering in China - a general description.
Active and carrier-tool prostheses for upper limb amputations.
Engineering of upper limb prostheses.
Biomedical engineering priorities for research in external aids.
Thermoplastics for prosthetic applications.
The smallest patients.
Role of the biomedical engineer in nuclear medicine.
Bioengineering: the advent of metabiology (part II).
Analysis & recommendations for a medical engineering department.
Clinical engineering's involvement with a computerized hospital information system.
NHS reorganisation and prospects in bioengineering.
Regulation of technological activities: a new approach.
A patient is a person.
Effects of subject position on balance platform measurements.
Proceedings of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society Conference, September 19-21, 1981, Houston, Texas. Abstracts.
A technology for implantable hermetic packages. Part 2: An implementation.
Education and training for biomedical engineering- a changing pattern.
Veterans administration biomedical engineer training program.
Bioengineering: the advent of metabiology (part I).
Evaluating the impact of medical care and technologies on the quality of life: a review and a critique.
Clinical hyperthermia systems engineering.
Biomedical engineering department in a US 500-bed acute care hospital: staffing and operations.
The artificial heart program.
Crisis within many companies manufacturing medical apparatus.
Parapodium redesigned for sitting.
Reflections on the history of heat and mass transfer in bioengineering.
The allocation of limited medical resources: an ethical perspective.
Achieving the promise of clinical engineering.
IV UCD Biomedical Engineering Symposium.
Clinical engineering in NB: the regional experience.
Clinical engineering in NB: the provincial experience.
The biomedical engineering department.
Medical progress and national health care.
Diffusion of high technology medical care and cost control a public policy dilemma.
Academic focus: graduate study and research in bioengineering at Clemson University.
Acoustic determinants of respiratory system properties.
The respiratory system: analysis of function and applications.
Engineers and the respiratory system: a perspective.
First Southern Biomedical Conference. Shreveport, Louisiana, June 7-8, 1982. Abstracts.
Errors in derived kinematic variables determined from a fixed accelerometer configuration.
Design of a portable powerline-operated ECG recorder   a student-faculty project.
Proceedings of the Eighteenth Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the Eighteenth International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium April 20-21, 1981, Laramie, Wyoming.
The comparative stiffness of external fixation frames.
Biomedical engineering education: enrollment, courses, degrees, and employment.
Microwave hyperthermia for cancer therapy.
Bionics in spare parts medicine: management and clinical issues.
Left ventriculometry: the Minnesota experience with a bioengineering approach.
Bioengineering analysis of head and spine injuries.
Metal electrodes in bioengineering.
Biomedical engineering aspects of spinal cord stimulation.
Control of PaCO2 during mechanical ventilation: monitoring and feedback techniques.
Species transport dynamics for clinical pulmonary evaluation.
Control of breathing in the newborn.
The chemical control of respiration.
Respiratory assistance: a review of techniques, rationale, and problems with a glimpse at the future.
Automated pulmonary function testing: interpretation and standardization.
A conceptual framework for pulmonary function testing.
Computer-assisted medical decision making: a critical review.
Aerosol deposition and clearance in the human upper airways.
Settling and diffusion of aerosol particles in small airways during breath holding.
Characterization and interpretation of forced expiration.
Mechanisms of expiratory flow limitation.
Characterizing respiratory mechanics with forced excitation techniques.
Elasticity analysis of lung deformation problems.
Mechanics of the pressure-volume curve of the lung.
Mechanical factors in breathing pattern regulation in humans.
Estimation of distributions of ventilation/perfusion ratios.
Gas mixing in the pulmonary airways.
Particle deposition and clearance in the bronchial tree.
