A microcomputer-based preventive maintenance system.
Clinical engineering trends for 1983.
A clinical internship program in biomedical engineering. Part I: Objectives of the program.
Clinical engineering in the southeast.
Medical surprises.
Preschool children's daily activities: direct observation, pedometry or questionnaire.
Responsibility and accountability in provider-patient relationships.
An overview of issues.
On the quality of life: some philosophical reflections.
Clinical engineering as a career opportunity: results of a BMET/CE survey.
Some aspects of biomedical engineering research in New Delhi.
Medical physics in the Northern Region: a general exposition of regional department in excelsis.
Should services be rationed?
Computer recognition and analysis of freezing cells in noisy, cluttered images.
Design and fabrication of a simple, versatile cryomicroscopy stage.
Digital low-pass differentiation for biological signal processing.
Contributions and consequences of clinical engineering.
The history and development of artificial limbs.
Preparing anesthesia equipment for suspected malignant hyperthermia episodes.
Rehabilitation engineering education at the University of Virginia.
Evolution of a hospital-based clinical engineering contract service.
Aussies tackle biotechnology and the law.
The cost of biomedical equipment repair and maintenance: results of a survey.
An inexpensive dial calipers for precise measurement of analogue data on strip-chart recorders.
Academic focus: the biomaterials program at the University of Washington (Seattle).
Engineering as a clinical tool for geriatric rehabilitation.
Cementless isoelastic RM total hip prosthesis.
A new membrane for the oxygenation of blood.
Materiel studies 'mission oriented'.
Salary trends for CEs and BMETs: the emergence of a database.
Postural stability during slow-onset and rapid-onset hypoxia.
Contributions of engineering to the neurological sciences.
Clinical engineering and hospital accreditation.
The fixation of femoral components of condylar knee prostheses.
A load cell system in foot pressure analysis.
Two simple plantar pressure recording devices in clinical use: evaluation using a pedobarograph.
Pressures under the ischium detected by a pedobarograph.
Shared biomedical engineering: a cost-benefit analysis.
Building the bionic man.
A proposed computer-assisted preventive maintenance system.
Evaluation of alarm systems for medical equipment.
The "grand rounds" method: a different approach to clinical equipment management.
The scope of clinical engineering in the hospital.
Technological advances and Roe v. Wade: the need to rethink abortion law.
The next generation of biological weapons.
Does undergraduate biomedical engineering education produce real engineers?
Carbon fiber as an electrode material.
The TC double socket above-knee prosthesis.
Technical note test instructions for the technical testing of mono-functional myoelectrically-controlled prosthetic hands. A proposal.
New plastic joints for plastic orthoses.
Motion and vision. IV. Isotropic and anisotropic spatial responses.
Hydraulic transducer for assessing grip strength.
Medical equipment data retrieval program.
Therapeutic choices not always predictable.
An urgent plea for realistic preventive maintenance guidelines.
The chief scientist reports...gait analysis.
Design and functioning of the single-electrode cochlear implant.
Clinical engineering in the Veterans Administration.
The engineering director: a job in evolution.
Some thoughts on biotechnology.
Standards of medical care: how does an innovative medical procedure become accepted?
The causes of "wrongful life" suits: ruminations on the diffusion of medical technologies.
Current technology affecting Supreme Court abortion jurisprudence.
The need for uniform law on the determination of death.
The human tibia: static testing in bending by an in vivo method.
Characterization of the oscillometric method for measuring indirect blood pressure.
Volumetric studies of spheroids and left ventricles.
Electrocutaneous code pairs for artificial sensory communication systems.
A flueric respiratory and anesthetic gas analyzer.
Modern patient care using biotelemetry: its potential and technical realization at present and in the future.
Biomedical engineering in cardiology.
13th International Conference on Medical and Biological Engineering. 6th International Conference on Medical Physics. Hamburg, FRG, September 5-11, 1982. Invited papers: Medical and biological engineering.
Clinical engineering: focus on safety and costs.
Civil liability in the field of biomedical engineering and medical physics.
International registration of clinical engineers.
Ergonomic design aspects in interaction between man and technical systems in medicine.
Ergonomics: a new frontier in medical engineering.
Biotelemetry, based on optical transmission.
Development of a clinical engineering department.
Minicomputer data base management for a clinical engineering department.
Processing technique for ultrasound images.
A multidisciplinary program for hospital safety education.
Static weight-bearing patterns of below-knee amputees using patellar-tendon-bearing prostheses.
Multifunctional prosthesis and orthosis control via microcomputer identification of temporal pattern differences in single-site myoelectric signals.
Applications of coherent optics and holography in biomedical engineering.
Mathematical modeling and simulation of the postural control loop: Part I.
Implantable medical devices and products liability.
Bioengineering aspects of heart valve replacement.
Use of rejuvenation solutions in blood preservation.
Engineering approaches to the evaluation of cardiac function in future.
