The clinical equipment coordinator: a new role in the hospital industry.
"ASAP": a microcomputer-based automated safety & performance testing system.
Clinical engineering trends for 1984.
The ethics and economics of high-technology medicine.
Image reconstruction from incomplete projection data: iterative reconstruction-reprojection techniques.
Standard errors on respiratory mechanical parameters obtained by forced random excitation.
Dual microcomputer analysis of cardiac transmembrane action potentials.
Application of phase analysis of the Frankenhaeuser-Huxley equations to determine threshold stimulus amplitudes.
Geometric deconvolution: a meta-algorithm for limited view computed tomography.
A computational model of the electromagnetic heating of biological tissue with application to hyperthermic cancer therapy.
A cardiac hypothesis for the origin of EEG alpha.
Lack of government transplant policy leaves insurers and patients guessing.
Recommendations for designing device improvements.
In-house CT service: the next clinical engineering crossroads.
Microprocessors in pathology.
Implications of microprocessors to equipment management.
Microprocessors in audiology and neurophysiology.
Microprocessors in anaesthesia and intensive care.
Microprocessors in obstetrics and special care baby units.
An introduction to microprocessors and their application.
Microprocessors in medicine.
A system for monitoring the position and time of feet contact during walking.
Clinical gait assessment: a personal view.
Comments on "Dynamics of gaseous uptake from the lungs: the concentration and second gas effects".
Laryngeal evaluation using features from speech and the electroglottograph.
Limitation of the inverse problem in body surface potential mapping.
Estimation of motor unit twitches.
Calorimetric measurement of the energy fluence of diagnostic X-ray beams.
Optimum filters for estimating evoked potential waveforms.
Scan-along polygonal approximation for data compression of electrocardiograms.
Measurement of chest wall movement; design, performance and clinical use of a four-channel magnetometer instrument.
Electrical stimulation at the wrist as an aid for the profoundly deaf.
The rationing of medical care: the Jewish view.
Biotechnology: a new reality.
Education in the field of biomedical engineering for Japanese engineering students.
Biomedical engineering at the University of Technology Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands.
Biomedical engineering teaching and research at the centre for biomedical engineering, University of New South Wales, Kensington, Australia.
First experimentation of the Spartacus telethesis in a clinical environment.
The present state of biomechanical research in orthopaedics in Japan - an observation by an orthopaedic surgeon.
Improving health care team work by education.
Integration of clinical engineering into the hospital organization.
Nerve regeneration successes spark optimism and controversy.
New biotechnology: potential problems, likely promises.
Detection of fluid entry into the urethra by electric impedance measurement: electric fluid bridge test.
A pressure distribution transducer for in-vitro static measurements in synovial joints.
Leg motion analysis during gait by multiaxial accelerometry: theoretical foundations and preliminary validations.
The impedance of curved artery models.
Turbulent flows through a disk-type prosthetic heart valve.
Pressure difference-flow rate variation in a femoral artery branch casting of man for steady flow.
An ultrasonic technique for imaging the ventricle in three dimensions and calculating its volume.
A technique for the measurement of 'sucking' in bottle fed infants.
Optimal resources for electrical equipment in critical care areas.
An introduction to medical lasers.
An instrument for measuring small flows during biliary tract surgery.
Biomedical engineers work as highly skilled team.
Transfer characteristics of an ink-jet writer for cardiovascular studies.
Geometrical constraints on the rotational function of the femoral adductors in man.
Design idea for a microwave energy coupler in biomedical field.
A new miniature, open-loop, extracorporeal insulin infusion pump.
Mass transfer rates in hemodialyzers an empirical correlation.
Bio-medical engineering at Trent Polytechnic.
The masters degree in bioengineering at the University of Strathclyde.
Medical biophysics in Manchester.
Education in bioengineering: experience at the University of Leeds.
Bioengineering at Durham University.
Biomedical engineering training in Dundee.
Medical engineering: meetings on research priorities.
Venture capitalism: a new fashion or new opportunity for European biomedical market development.
The influence of flywheel weight and pedalling frequency on the biomechanics and physiological responses to bicycle exercise.
Fluidic cycling devices for inspiratory and expiratory timing in automatic ventilators.
Biomedical engineering in Germany (West).
Sharing clinical engineering services: guidelines set up.
A magnetically coupled multimicroelectrode system.
Help wanted: engineer.
Estimation of oxygen uptake from heart rate response to undersea work.
Sexual instrumentation.
Technology for hospitals.
No time limit on maintaining 'dead' mother to save fetus?
Measurement of turbulence intensity in the center of the canine ascending aorta with a hot-film anemometer.
Error analysis of a system for measuring three-dimensional joint motion.
Stresses in a Harrington distraction rod: their origin and relationship to fatigue fractures in vivo.
A new approach to the design of internal fixation plates.
National Institutes of Health Consensus Development Conference Statement on the Clinical Applications of Biomaterials. November 1-3, 1982.
Intensive death.
Another view of clinical engineering in a health care environment.
Quantifying the thermal protection characteristics of outdoor clothing systems.
Monitoring real-time aerosol distribution in the breathing zone.
Structural matrices for use in rehabilitation.
Combining techniques to enhance protection against high sustained accelerative forces.
Instrumentation for analysis of continuous neck rotation.
Venture capital or vulture capital?
Monitoring methodology for gaseous hazards. Passive monitors and portable instruments.
Lungco measurement of particles retained in the lungs.
A step forward for science, but ethics questions remain.
Emerging problems in clinical engineering education.
A standards primer.
A clinical internship program in biomedical engineering, Part II: Administration of the program.
Developing a strategy for managing the hospital's growing technology.
One small step for paraplegics, a giant leap for bioengineering.
Wherefore goest thou, clinical engineer?
Design of medical device alarm systems.
Experiments with a thinfilm multichannel electrode for cochlear implantation.
Ethylene oxide environmental monitoring in a health care facility.
Advanced medicine goes micro-chip.
The eyes of beholders: roles and the distribution of scarce medical resources.
Determination of the local erosion stress of the canine endothelium using a jet impingement method.
Mechanical behavior of fetal dura mater under large axisymmetric inflation.
Response of an advanced head-neck model to transient loading.
A programmable limb testing system (and some measurements of intrinsic muscular and reflex-mediated stiffnesses).
Biomed, infection control team up.
Deciding who gets what.
The right over one's own body: its scope and limits in comparative law.
Governing technology: values, choices, and scientific progress.
RC-element analysis for low-pass filter and analog differentiator circuits using a programmable calculator.
A graduate level course on ultrasound in medicine and biology.
Proceedings of the Twentieth Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the Twentieth International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. April 18-19, 1983, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.
A device to quantify passive resistance to motion of the leg.
Applicability of personnel management concepts to clinical engineering practice.
Isometric muscle force response of the human lower limb.
Registration of clinical engineers.
The design of digital filters for biomedical signal processing. Part 2: Design techniques using the z-plane.
Assessment of cerebrospinal fluid compliance and outflow resistance: analysis of steady-state response to sinusoidal input.
Interaction of microporous glassy carbon and living tissue.
Measurement of regional myocardial perfusion using collimated miniature radiation detectors and the method of 133-xenon washout.
Analysis of the linear under-agarose leukocyte chemotaxis assay.
Surface tension of animal cartilage as it relates to friction in joints.
An analysis of respiratory drive components during flow-resistive respiratory loading.
A simple model for simulation of oxygen transport in the microcirculation.
An experimental evaluation of the use of an ensemble average for the calculation of turbulence in pulsatile flow.
Paradox and partnership the engineer's contribution to medicine.
Information systems approach to integrated responses in the respiratory control system.
Model utility in the study of cardiorespiratory control.
Surface characterization of biomaterials by electron spectroscopy for chemical analysis.
The mechanical and stress adaptive properties of bone.
The discontinuous nature of electrical propagation in cardiac muscle. Consideration of a quantitative model incorporating the membrane ionic properties and structural complexities. The ALZA distinguished lecture.
A bidomain model for anisotropic cardiac muscle.
Intercalated discs as a cause for discontinuous propagation in cardiac muscle: a theoretical simulation.
The generation of the cardiac action potential: after the first millisecond.
Implications of structure and geometry on cardiac electrical activity.
Computer simulation of metabolism in palmitate-perfused rat heart. I. Palmitate oxidation.
Medical rehabilitation in the United Kingdom a personal view.
Large-scale production of mammalian cells and their products: engineering principles and barriers to scale-up.
Integrating biochemical separation and purification steps in fermentation processes.
Reactor design for protein precipitation and its effect on centrifugal separation.
Ultrafiltration processes in biotechnology.
The influence of dilution rate, temperature, and influent substrate concentration on the efficiency of steady-state biomass production in continuous microbial culture.
A fiber optic PCO2 sensor.
Recent developments in separation and purification of biomolecules.
The holding time in pure and mixed culture fermentations.
Development of medical ultrasonics.
Airborne ultrasound applied to anthropometry physical and technical principles.
Improvement of echographic breast cancer images and screening of breast cancer by ultrasound.
Analysis of a novel wide dynamic range transceiver for zone imaging.
Acoustic microscopy for tissue characterization.
Computer control of fermentations with biosensors.
Modeling of cell viability and specific alcohol productivity.
Prosthetic heart valve replacements.
Engineering and instrumentation in the manufacture and patient delivery of drugs.
Diffusional/kinetic analysis of the neurotransmission process at the nerve-muscle junction.
An evaluation of the vibrating reed method for determining the mechanical properties of materials.
