Considerations in implementing shared clinical engineering services in New Brunswick.
Life-and-death spectaculars.
Judicial decision making and biological fact: Roe v. Wade and the unresolved question of fetal viability.
Design and optimization of multi-stepped waveguide applicators for medical applications.
The emerging field of clinical engineering and its accomplishments.
Science and standards. RF-hazards and standards: an historical perspective.
The development of biomedical engineering: historical comments and personal observations.
The misguided quest for the artificial heart.
Evaluation of infusion pumps and controllers: fourth report.
A spatial arrangement memory testing unit.
Equipment management in practice.
The financial management of hospital equipment.
On the damping properties of the shoulder complex.
Semi-automatic reconstruction of the spatial trajectory of an impacted pedestrian surrogate using high-speed cinephotogrammetry and digital image analysis.
Entry flow in a circular tube of aortic arch dimensions.
Three-dimensional finite element analysis of a simplified compression plate fixation system.
Torsion and bending imposed on a new anterior cruciate ligament prosthesis during knee flexion: an evaluation method.
Evaluation of light-emitting diodes for whole blood oximetry.
R-wave detection in the presence of muscle artifacts.
Data reduction of body surface potential maps by means of orthogonal expansions.
Estimation of QRS complex power spectra for design of a QRS filter.
Multi-district equipment management.
Carl Walter: a pioneer in shaping the medical device industry.
Conference report on S. 540, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases, and for other purposes.
Patents for life forms: an inappropriate response to biotechnological advancement.
Whither the rehabilitation equipment industry?
The inertial and geometrical properties of helmets.
A mechanical device for leg disturbance during gait.
Osteoarthritic gait dynamics from force-plate measurements.
Thermal entrainment and human ovulation.
A controllable artificial afterload for isolated heart studies.
Computer-controlled temperature multiplexer for thermal dosimetry studies.
Equivalence between one step kinetics and Hill's equation.
A device for generation of electromagnetic fields of extremely low frequency.
A force sensor and peak-reading recorder for measurement of cervical dilatation force.
Transventricular simple-capacitor discharge defibrillation thresholds after coronary ligation and body hypothermia.
Bone blood flow measurement.
The interpretation of continuous wave ultrasonic Doppler blood velocity signals viewed as a problem in pattern recognition.
Interrupted reflection fibre optic communication device for the severely disabled.
Statistical clustering procedures applied to low-cost speech recognition.
Clinical engineering education in the high technology hospital.
International standards for surgical implants.
Optical endpoint sensing in an automatic whole blood clotting timer.
Technology and the diabetic patient.
The use of microcomputers for psychological assessment of physically disabled adults.
A non-invasive CSF flowmeter.
Long time dying: when 'miracle cures' don't cure.
The artificial heart. A study in myopia.
The life sciences and the public: is science too important to be left to the scientist?
Measurement of the laser exposure levels for burn threshold in biological tissue.
Determination of muscle orientations and moment arms.
Patterns of flow in the left coronary artery.
Electro-mechanical behavior of wet bone Part II: Wave propagation.
Electro-mechanical behavior of wet bone Part I: Theory.
A crack model of a bone cement interface.
The intraaortic balloon pump: a nonlinear digital computer model.
Kinematic and force data collection in biomechanics by means of sonic emitters II: Force data collection and application to the human shoulder complex.
Kinematic and force data collection in biomechanics by means of sonic emitters I: Kinematic data collection methodology.
Parameter estimation using the quasi-linear viscoelastic model proposed by Fung.
The simultaneous measurement of thermal conductivity, thermal diffusivity, and perfusion in small volumes of tissue.
An isolated rat liver model for the evaluation of thermal techniques to quantify perfusion.
An optoelectronic device to read and spell braille braillect.
Psychophysical response to electrocutaneous stimulation.
Ceramic electrodes for ELF bioeffects studies.
A comparison between Walsh and Fourier analysis of the electroencephalogram for tracking the effects of anesthesia.
Finding the site of origin and velocity of propagation in a short one-dimensional strand from two extracellular waveforms.
Diffraction effects in reflected ultrasound spectral estimates.
Engineering a trouble-free life for medical equipment.
What is biomedical engineering?
Fibre reinforcement and mechanical stability in articular cartilage.
Transient elastohydrodynamic lubrication models for the human ankle joint.
Cartilage bone interface.
Conference report. Biomechanical aspects of cartilage and related structures.
An idealized element model of human skin.
Rheumatoid hand weakness characterising indices and clinical data acquisition.
The cervical and lumbar vertebrae an anthropometric model.
Rehabilitation engineering.
Opening address 1984 Conference Engineering and Physics in the Life Sciences.
Rehabilitation engineering: the perceived needs from a physician's viewpoint.
Vibrating Reed method.
A noble spring-clip: fatigue-resistant electrical connection for implant use.
Natural frequency of fracture fragments in the assessment of tibial fracture healing.
Vibration analysis of human tibia: the effect of soft tissue on the output from skin-mounted accelerometers.
The lifting stress calculator.
A microcomputer-based binaural measurement system.
Maintenance, training and functional use of denervated muscles.
A solid-state instrument for measuring dynamic changes in the pupil of the human eye.
Infrared diameter gauge for in vitro mechanical testing of vascular grafts.
Sensitivity analysis for an improved estimation of respiratory mechanics parameters.
Electrochemical transducers for the measurement of biological compounds.
Lasers in medicine and surgery.
A communication aid for the physically handicapped.
Will the USSR take genes to war?
Nuclear magnetic resonance: the state of the art from the clinical engineer's viewpoint.
Comments on "Upper extremity limb function discrimination using EMG signal analysis".
A graphic method for estimating equivalent dipole of localized EEG discharge.
Power spectrum density analysis of electrical noise in glass microelectrodes.
A flash kinetic spectrophotometer employing photodiode array sensors.
A computer-based system for automated quantitation of neurologic function.
Continuous thermal measurement of cardiac output.
Evaluation of lung ventilators.
The assessment of arteriovenous fistulae created for haemodialysis from pressure and thermal dilution measurements.
Quality assurance for implants in bone surgery.
The double magnetic induction method for measuring eye movement results in monkey and man.
Biotechnology: low risks at a premium.
Study of 26 biomedical engineering programs.
Ten ways to provide technician training.
Choice and chance in the allocation of medical resources: a response to Kilner.
Therapy or engineering: Jewish responses to genetic research.
The clinical context of technology assessment.
An inexpensive eye movement monitor using the scleral search coil technique.
Comparing spectra of a series of point events particularly for heart rate variability data.
An information-theoretic analysis of cutaneous receptor responses.
Special-purpose orthonormal basis functions application to motor unit action potentials.
Dielectric properties of fluid-saturated bone the effect of variation in conductivity of immersion fluid.
Modeling of the transfer function of the flow transducer used in ventilatory impedance measurements.
Time domain and spectral analysis of electrograms in man during regular ventricular activity and ventricular fibrillation.
Some theoretic results on a digital EMG signal processor.
Computer simulated analysis for assessment of ovarian function.
A general-purpose microprocessor system for medical instrumentation and electrical stimulation.
Electromagnetic generator.
Instrumentation for measurement of dental plaque thickness in situ.
Arthropump with peristaltic effect and pulsatile flow.
Venous occlusive RN plethysmography: comparison with electrical admittance plethysmography.
Laser method for recording displacement of the heart and chest wall.
Spectral analysis of heart sounds: relationships between some physical characteristics and frequency spectra of first and second heart sounds in normals and hypertensives.
Forces in the knee joint whilst rising from a seated position.
Tri-axial graphics as an aid to understanding left ventricular function in conscious dogs.
A stochastic signal method for measuring mechanical consequences of adrenaline in intact rat ventricular muscle.
Wear tests on alumina for application in heart valve prostheses.
The bond strength and ageing of plasma-sprayed coatings of alumina on metal substrates.
A study of the wear characteristics of ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene sliding against glass.
Syntactic pattern recognition of fetal stress.
A magnet system for urethral closure in females.
Sensitivity, resolution and contrast of film-screen combinations.
A dynamic load-transducer for investigating non-linear characteristics of mammalian skeletal muscle.
Biomedical engineering a reappraisal.
A miniature infuser for the pulsatile administration of LHRH.
Flowmeter for high frequency ventilation on the pneumotach principle.
Eye Operated Keyboard.
The application of pattern recognition techniques to the contingent negative variation for the differentiation of subject categories.
Gov. Lamm asserts elderly, if very ill, have 'duty to die'
Medical care rationing looms on the horizon, experts warn.
Development of an inservice educational program for clinical staff.
Termination of treatment in the persistent vegetative state.
Results of a clinical engineering programme in the Federal Republic of Germany.
The clinical engineering/health care mismatch: its effect on personnel management.
Considerations in the development of a regional clinical engineering service.
Biotechnology in Canada.
The scope and potential of biotechnology.
Clinical engineering in Italy: two local experiences.
Biotechnology in medicine.
California Blues will pay for heart transplants but only at Stanford.
Medical ethics in life and death.
Life and death.
Promoting patient autonomy: looking back.
A pulsed wire probe for the measurement of velocity and flow direction in slowly moving air.
Advantages of a simple contact switch for human locomotion.
Quality of life, sanctity of creation: palliative or apotheosis?
Health care and the prospective Pareto principle.
Rehabilitation engineering and the growth of prosthetics/orthotics practice.
New low-profile applicators for local heating of tissues.
Special issue on hyperthermia and cancer therapy.
A simple pacemaker inhibitor.
Proceedings of the Twenty-First Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the Twenty-First International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. April 16-17, 1984, Boulder, Colorado.
Benefits of helmet-mounted display image stabilisation under whole-body vibration.
Pendulum testing of spasticity.
Dual diode transducer for laser Doppler skin blood velocimeter.
Imaging mammalian tissues and organs using laser collimated transillumination.
Direct and indirect determination of tibial natural frequency a comparison of frequency domain analysis and fast Fourier transform.
Correlation study of arterial blood pressure level to the amplitude of the pressure pulse waveform.
Evaluation of AK prostheses comparing conventional with adaptive knee control devices.
Paraplegic ambulation: a systems point of view.
The many facets of bioengineering.
Research priorities in medical engineering.
In vivo strain patterns in the four major canine knee ligaments.
Effects of low-modulus coatings on pin-bone contact stresses in external fixation.
A simulation method for the study of laser transillumination of biological tissues.
A new method for continuous intraoperative measurement of Harrington rod loading patterns.
Informational analysis of left-ventricle/systemic-arterial interaction.
Impedance matching between ventricle and load.
Ventricular interaction with the loading system.
Interaction of heart and arterial system.
A new test circulatory system for research in cardiovascular engineering.
The contribution of medical physics and engineering in health care. Medical instrumentation the digital revolution.
Physiological and pathophysiological implications of ventricular/vascular coupling.
The use of hemoglobin solutions in kidney perfusions.
Automatic monitoring of breath-to-breath occlusion pressure and ventilatory parameters during CO2 rebreathing.
Adhesion in the biologic environment.
Mathematical modeling and simulation of the postural control loop. Part III.
Biomechanics of running gait.
Impact of bioengineering on noninvasive diagnostics.
The neonatal oxycardiorespirogram.
Mathematical modeling and simulation of the postural control loop Part II.
Cardiac pacing from then to now.
High-frequency ventilation.
Biomechanics of human movement with applications to the study of human locomotion.
Critical problems in spatial vision.
The design of automated analysis machines.
Medical applications of NMR spectroscopy. I. Clinical applications of phosphorus-31 NMR.
A pulsed phase measurement ultrasonic flowmeter for medical gases.
Physical methods for the study of the dynamics of axonal transport.
