Cost-effectiveness in oncology.
Bioengineering education, 1986 Part I.
1985 survey of salaries & job responsibilities for clinical & biomedical engineers & technicians.
Focus on: Watsonville Community Hospital Biomedical Engineering Department.
Ethical responsibilities of the clinical engineer.
The consistent ethic of life and health care systems.
Life and death in the nursery.
Evaluation of surgical diathermy units.
A simple rig for stress radiography of the knee.
Design of a computerized device to measure simple reaction time/decision time.
A case of double fracture in total hip replacement.
Commentary: the prevention of sudden infant death syndrome: is there a role for home monitoring?
Temperature controller for brain slice chambers using a current sink output stage.
New versatile physical model fitting the systemic circulation accurately.
A numerical simulation of the flow in a T-type bifurcation and its application to an "end to side" fistula.
Elastic properties of collapsing and expanding trachea.
Numerical experiments with a new differentiation filter.
Clinical engineering cost-effectiveness measurements in the USA.
Infant respiration monitoring evaluation of a simple home monitor.
Ultrasonic characterization of biological tissues.
An acoustic plethysmograph to measure total infant body volume.
Sisters of Charity saves $170,000 through shared services subsidiary.
Vibrational analysis.
Fast method for computing the Fourier integral transform via Simpson's numerical integration.
Monitoring kidney patients by syntactometric EEG analysis.
Design and use of improved walking aids.
Optical fibre plethysmograph.
Measuring the anorectal angle.
Legendre polynomial coefficients in the analysis of the force plate measurements from an osteoarthritic gait.
Derby intramedullary nail a biomechanical comparison.
Digital heart rate monitor derived from the arterial pressure pulse.
Photoelectric transducer for measuring the length and diameter of elastic vessels.
Quantitative technique for bio-electrical spectroscopy.
Influence of walking speed on gait parameters.
Shell computer model of cardiac electropotential changes.
Highlights from the seventh annual conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society. Frontiers of engineering and computing in health care. September 27-30, 1985, Chicago, IL. Abstracts.
On-line evaluation of ultrasonic integrated backscatter.
Software simulation of the EEG.
Haemodynamics of coronary artery-saphenous vein bypass.
Productivity in clinical engineering.
Ethics and hospital administration.
Crisis on the commons.
On-line four channel measurements of colonic myoelectrical activity in humans using a compact portable microcomputer (EPSON HX20).
Measurement of ultrasound velocity in tissues utilizing a microcomputer-based system.
An improved SIRT-style reconstruction algorithm for microwave tomography.
Noise evaluation and filter design in CT images.
Digital filters for real-time ECG signal processing using microprocessors.
Ferromagnetic implants in hyperthermia.
A system for automated liver tissue image analysis: methods and results.
On the identification and analysis of saccadic eye movements a quantitative study of the processing procedures.
A study of the effect of sensor placement and perfusion pattern variations on thermal tomography solutions in hyperthermia.
Design and evaluation of a digital closed-loop controller for the regulation of muscle force by recruitment modulation.
An algorithm for automatic control of O2 and CO2 in artificial ventilation.
A comparison between mean frequency estimators for multigated Doppler systems with serial signal processing.
Starting your own shared service.
Prosthesis with electric elbow and hand for a three-year-old multiply handicapped child.
An unbalanced electric applicator for RF hyperthermia.
A research prototype of an inkbraille reading aid.
Fluctuations in tracer amounts in a compartmental system with a Markovian transition process.
The use of two-dimensional echocardiograms in the detection of myocardial infarction in canines.
Ku and K-band irradiation of giant algal cells: the absence of detected bioeffects at 100 W/m2.
Exposure of human models in the near and far field a comparison.
A tactile vision-substitution system for the blind: computer-controlled partial image sequencing.
Modeling of the transfer function of the heart-thorax acoustic system in dogs.
Investigation of methods to estimate ultrasonic attenuation of soft tissue.
Fluctuations of human tapping intervals.
Forward and inverse potential field solutions for cardiac strands of cylindrical geometry.
Sensitivity of the human eye to power frequency electric fields.
Sensitivity analysis of depth EEG electrodes to dipolar electric sources.
A system for measuring tremor intensity in rats.
Human gene therapy: scientific and ethical considerations.
Fast envelope detection for thinned display of finely digitized ultrasound scans.
Extending the boundaries of life: implications for practice.
The artificial heart show business or science?
Biomedical engineering at the Louisiana Technical University.
Design considerations for the brain-machine interface.
Effect of skin temperature on vibrotactile sensitivity.
Tools for high tibial wedge osteotomy.
Torsional tests of long bones with computerized equipment.
Digital sampling rate and ECG analysis.
Resurfacing elbow prosthesis: shape and sizing of the humeral component.
Laser Doppler measurements of blood flow in skin tissue.
Transient interactions between blood pressure, respiration and heart rate in man.
An hypothesis for the role of the spine in human locomotion: a challenge to current thinking.
NMR imaging method and applications.
Coupling efficiency of helical coil hyperthermia applications.
Calculation of zero-crossing and spin-lattice relaxation time pictures in inversion recovery NMR imaging.
Diffraction and dispersion effects on the estimation of ultrasound attenuation and velocity in biological tissues.
Classification of heart tissue from bipolar and unipolar intramural potentials.
Estimation of local cardiac wall deformation and regional wall stress from biplane coronary cineangiograms.
Laser-induced fabrication of a transsubstrate microelectrode array and its neurophysiological performance.
Single microelectrode analysis of electrically coupled networks.
A polynomial method for fitting continuous distributions of exponentials with positivity constraint.
Ultrasonic energy-based technique for characterizing atherosclerosis.
Mechanistic studies of ion-selective electrodes.
A new CT-aided stereotactic neurosurgery technique.
Automatic decomposition of the clinical electromyogram.
Testing the response of a cardiac output meter using an artificial circulatory system.
Fast response ultrasonic flowmeter measures breathing dynamics.
A speech prosthesis employing a speech synthesizer vowel discrimination from perioral muscle activities and vowel production.
Testing new technologies.
Clinical engineering internships: a regional hospital-based approach.
Clinical engineering as an academic discipline.
Helping paraplegics walk: looking beyond the media blitz.
"Playing God": the ethics of biotechnical intervention.
Why Medicare is in crisis.
U.S. urged to sponsor development of fully implantable artificial heart.
Public policy and informed consent.
Hearts from monkeys and machines.
Anesthesia waste gas testing.
Regulating biotechnology.
Biotechnology and open university science.
Medical technology acquisition in hospitals.
Experimental fittings of sockets for below-knee amputees using computer aided design and manufacturing techniques.
Thermoplastic alignment couplings for prostheses.
Rotational moulding in the production of prostheses.
The Rapidform process for automated thermoplastic socket production.
Prosthetic shape replication using a computer controlled carving technique.
Guidelines for establishing an institutional laser program.
The trick is to live.
DRGs and prospective payment: an introduction to the issues facing clinical engineering programs.
In-house servicing of microprocessor-based and digital patient care equipment.
Assessment and optimisation of dip-coating procedure for the preparation of electroenzymic glucose transducers.
Economical repair costs as a percent of cost.
Routine defibrillator testing by clinical personnel.
Sanctity and scarcity: the makings of tragedy: reflections on a crisis in medicine.
Organ transplantation and the art of the possible.
If there's a will, is there a way?
Pressure change and gas mixing induced by oscillations in a closed system.
Prolonging life: the new dilemma.  Doctors ask, who lives? When to die?
Prolonging life: the new dilemma.  Hospital care of the dying: each day, painful choices.
Equipment management. Biomedical instrumentation department at Pioneer Valley Hospital uses computerized equipment management.
Who receives scarce medical resources? An empirical and ethical study.
Rationing expensive lifesaving medical treatments.
Coping with cost containment.
Governmental regulation of heart transplantation and the right to privacy.
Medicine and the liberal arts: the bridge of ethics.
Cost control, doctors' ethics, and patient care.
In the rear and limping a little: some reflections on medicine, biotechnology, and the law the Roscoe Pound lectures.
Introduction: medical science, moral controversy, and legal change.
New patents.
Species-related differences in percutaneous wound healing.
Artifacts in the measurement of skin temperature under infant radiant warmers.
Transducer system for the noninvasive recording of arterial pressure contours.
Calculations of the pH changes produced in body tissue by a spherical stimulation electrode.
Identification of canine coronary resistance and intramyocardial compliance on the basis of the waterfall model.
Relationship between pulse rate and pulse width for a constant-intensity level of electrocutaneous stimulation.
The self-tuning controller: comparison with human performance in the control of arterial pressure.
Reuse of wastewater at the San Juan de Miraflores stabilization ponds: public health, environmental, and socioeconomic implications.
A cellular mechanism for myogenic regulation of cat cerebral arteries.
Oxygen-dependent mechanisms in cerebral autoregulation.
The role of adenosine in autoregulation of cerebral blood flow.
Cerebrovascular transmural pressure and autoregulation.
Vasopressin induced rhythmic activity in rat basilar artery.
Influence of transmural pressure of myogenic responses of isolated cerebral arteries of the rat.
Myogenic tone and cerebral vascular autoregulation: the role of a stretch-dependent mechanism.
Videomicroscopic method for direct determination of blood flow to the papilla of the kidney.
Renal cortical perfusion preliminary experience with the dynamic spatial reconstructor (DSR).
Automatic control of blood pressures with multiple drug inputs.
Stress analyses of joint arthroplasty in the proximal humerus.
Monitoring the healing of a tibial osteotomy in the rabbit treated with external fixation.
Evidence for different sources of stress-generated potentials in wet and dry bone.
Development of an air displacement method for whole body volume measurement of infants.
IMA II brace for deambulatory treatment of Legg-Perthes disease.
Free-field acoustic stimulation: a reliable, inexpensive system for positioning loudspeaker.
Energy of gait in below-knee casts with different soles.
Some additional suggestions for an intervertebral disc prosthesis.
A microcomputer system for the measurement of finger forces.
Vibration analysis in the assessment of conservatively managed tibial fractures.
A technique for the long term measurement of intra-compartmental pressure in the lower leg.
A gamma-ray computed tomography scanner for the quantitative measurement of bone density.
Stochastic analysis of myoelectric temporal signatures for multifunctional single-site activation of prostheses and orthoses.
Statistical mechanics of neocortical interactions: EEG dispersion relations.
New heart rate meter based on frequency grading.
A device for zero-eye-movement reading.
Effect of high-frequency current on nerve and muscle tissue.
Optimization of neural stimuli based upon a variable threshold potential.
Analysis of a digital EMG signal processor in dynamic conditions.
Muscle fatigue monitor (MFM): second generation.
Use of time integrals of the ECG to solve the inverse problem.
Correlation between arterial blood pressure levels and (dZ/dt)min in impedance plethysmography.
Determination of body segment parameters and their effect in the calculation of the position of center of pressure during postural sway.
The use of unipolar epicardial QRS potentials to estimate myocardial infarction.
Multiterm Debye dispersion relations for permittivity of muscle.
A microcomputer system for spatiotemporal visual receptive field analysis.
Automated spectral characterization of wheezing in asthmatic children.
Automated analysis of rodent three-channel electrocardiograms and vectorcardiograms.
The position of innervation zones in the biceps brachii investigated by surface electromyography.
Measurement of torsion from multitemporal images of the eye using digital signal processing techniques.
Evaluation of the effectiveness of EMG parameters in the study of neurogenic diseases a statistical approach using clinical and simulated data.
On-line monitoring of the median frequency of the surface EMG power spectrum.
Fabrication techniques for thin-walled, kink-resistant tubular structures for use in medical devices.
A feedback controller for ventilatory therapy.
Feedback control of intracranial pressure using mannitol.
Comments for a new generation of rehabilitation engineers.
The artificial heart, state-of-the art.
Controlled drug delivery in the treatment of diabetes mellitus.
Brainstem auditory-evoked potentials.
Positron emission tomography.
Closed-loop control of movement of skeletal muscle.
Modeling, control, and simulation of human movement.
Regional, segmental, and temporal heterogeneity of cerebral vascular autoregulation.
Proposed methods for the measurement of regional renal blood flow using heat transfer analysis.
Driving the artificial heart with constant air pressure or constant flow.
Eye controlled and other fast communicators for speech impaired and physically handicapped persons.
Industrial control of medical research.
