Bioengineering education, 1986 Part VII.
Focus on: Good Samaritan Hospital Biomedical Services Department.
GMDH correction modeling of distorted signals recorded by mandibular kinesiograph.
Current source density estimation using microelectrode array data from the hippocampal slice preparation.
Passive neuronal membrane parameters: comparison of optimization and peeling methods.
Uterine EHG processing for obstetrical monitoring.
Short time Fourier analysis of the electromyogram: fast movements and constant contraction.
Rhythm analysis of arterial blood pressure.
Quantitative investigation of QRS detection rules using the MIT/BIH arrhythmia database.
Power spectral analysis of heart rate variability in sudden cardiac death: comparison to other methods.
Reduction of heart sounds from lung sounds by adaptive filtering.
High-frequency electrocardiogram analyzer.
An efficient formula for estimating the generalized moments of the power spectral density (PSD) without computing the Fourier transform.
The analysis of noisy signals by nonparametric smoothing and differentiation.
A multichannel signal processor for the detection of epileptogenic sharp transients in the EEG.
Testing correlated "EEG-like" data for normality using a modified Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistic.
Enhancement of event related potentials by iterative restoration algorithms.
Classification and detection of single evoked brain potentials using time-frequency amplitude features.
A maximum likelihood method for estimating EEG evoked potentials.
Classification of EEG spatial patterns with a tree-structured methodology: CART.
Multichannel, single trial event related potential classification.
The Personal Acoustics Lab (PAL): a microcomputer-based system for digital signal acquisition, analysis, and synthesis.
A microprocessor-based signal processing system for measurement of vascular and urethral parameters.
Classifier-directed signal processing in brain research.
How to doctor the media.
Computer control of a Braun Infusomat pump.
A plethysmograph for the measurement of digital blood flow.
Cardiac gating in nuclear magnetic resonance imaging.
A microcomputer-based data acquisition system for a prosthetic heart valve test apparatus.
Clinical engineering participation in problem-reporting programs.
Design of a portable artificial heart drive system based on efficiency analysis.
Mass transfer to fluids flowing through rotating nonaligned straight tubes.
A flow system for the study of shear forces upon cultured endothelial cells.
An apparatus to study the response of cultured endothelium to shear stress.
Slow viscous flow in a syringe.
Bio-medico-mechanical behavior of natural artery blood vessel under constant and variable internal pulsatile pressure flow test in vitro.
Intracranial pressure: a review of clinical problems, measurement techniques and monitoring methods.
The impact of pending technologies on a universal connector standard.
Engineers + physicians = technological advances.
Bioengineering education, 1986 Part VI.
Clinical engineering program productivity and measurements.
A needy world   a needed world: scarce medical resources and the Christian story.
Is one allowed to stop artificial organs, allowing patients to die? Opposing physicians' and philosophers' views.
Some aspects of medical ethics from the perspective of bioengineering.
Materials for medicine.
Microprocessor-based system for monitoring spinal evoked potentials during surgery.
Analysis of models for external stimulation of axons.
Recognition of the shape of the ST segment in ECG waveforms.
Investigation of sounds produced by healthy and diseased human muscular contraction.
Criteria for optimal averaging of cardiac signals.
Performance and measures of performance for estimators of brain potentials using real data.
SAMICOS a sleep analyzing microcomputer system.
A simple technique to measure the rate and magnitude of shortening of single isolated cardiac myocytes.
Evaluation of esophageal electrodes for recording His-Purkinje activity based upon signal variance.
Capabilities of a toroid-amplifier system for magnetic measurement of current in biological tissue.
Passive biotelemetry by frequency keying.
Simple device for regulating the inflation of a balloon-tip catheter.
Miniature load cells for the measurement of foot-ground reaction forces and centre of foot pressure during gait.
Low power multichannel electromyographic data acquisition system.
Biomechanical testing of an anatomically contoured fixation plate for the tibia.
Bone marrow pressure chamber: a permanently inserted titanium implant for intramedullary pressure measurements.
Pressure distribution under the ischium of normal subjects.
Validity of some methods of estimating circumferential elastance of vascular prostheses.
Trachea noise biofeedback device to help reduce bronchospasm in asthmatics.
Scanning fluorometer for the rapid assessment of pyridine nucleotide and flavoprotein fluorescence changes in tissues in vivo.
Semi-automatic image-analysis applied to the quantification of bone microstructure.
Application of the Pisarenko Harmonic Decomposition method to physiological data.
Role of the collar on the femoral stem of cemented total hip replacements.
A microprocessor-based system for diagnosis of cognitive dysfunction.
Foot pressure measurement: a review of clinical findings.
Precision programmable constant direct current electrical stimulator for fracture healing.
Technique for assessing the response of the respiratory controller to hypoxia and hypercapnia.
A prototype portable electronic speaking aid for the nonvocal handicapped.
Communication by eye closure a microcomputer-based system for the disabled.
CCD line-scan image sensor for the measurement of red cell velocity in microvessels.
Engineers: standards and routes to registration.
Cardiac assist devices.
Biomechanical analysis of needle holding security.
Dynamic torquemeter calibration of bicycle ergometers.
Influence of tissue compressibility on calibration for strain-gauge plethysmography.
A pulsed diagonal-beam ultrasonic airflow meter.
Bioengineering education, 1986 Part V.
Focus on: Deaconess Hospital Biomedical Services Department.
Teaching biomedical policy to undergraduates.
In vivo electrical stimulation using multichannel photolithographic electrode arrays.
Conversion between plethysmograph and perturbational airways resistance measurements.
Comments on "Dielectric properties of solid tumors during normothermia and hyperthermia".
Noninvasive measurement of the volume elastic modulus in finger arteries using photoelectric plethysmography.
Comparison of a set of power distribution parameters for intraoperative EEG monitoring.
Time domain resolution of forward and reflected waves in the aorta.
Interpretation of the coherence function when using pseudorandom inputs to identify nonlinear systems.
Currents induced in a human being for plane-wave exposure conditions 0-50 MHz and for RF sealers.
Quantification of interaction between ELF-LF electric fields and human bodies.
The myoelectric signal of electrically stimulated muscle during recruitment: an inherent feedback parameter for a closed-loop control scheme.
Role of light scattering in spectrophotometric measurements of arteriovenous oxygen difference.
A perinatal monitoring display based on the fetal topogram.
A universal and inexpensive servomotor for vestibular research.
Design and construction of a pulsed ultrasonic air flowmeter.
The engineering of an ileostomy bag. Application of aerospace technology allied to medicine.
Engineering in medicine.
A standard pressure source for calibrating physiological pressure transducers.
Initiative on medical decision-making of the Biomedical Engineering Group (COMAC-BME) of the European Community.
The development of a mobile resuscitation unit.
A simple device for the direct measurement of mean arterial pressure and for calibration of arterial pressure monitors.
Assessment of fracture healing by spectral analysis.
Audiology state of the art.
Bioengineering activities in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Newcastle Upon Tyne.
Detection of myocardial scars in neonatal infants from computerized echocardiographic texture analysis.
Engineering design considerations of the ORLAU Parawalker and FES hybrid system.
The use of spectral analysis to assess the performance of shock absorbing footwear.
Anatomical definition and modelling.
An ultrasensitive transducer for measurement of isometric contractile force from single heart cells.
A stereotaxic device for the closed exchange of intramedullary rods, using image-intensified X-rays, in children with osteogenesis imperfecta.
Interfacing the BBC microcomputer for use with profoundly handicapped children.
Bioengineering education, 1986 Part IV.
Medical technology innovation continues but government policies cloud the future.
Focus on: Multicare Medical Center Biomedical Engineering Department.
"Academic capitalism" helping create Bionic Valley in Utah.
Artificial organ pioneer says Star Wars siphoning funds, creating a brain drain.
An automated system for ST segment and arrhythmia analysis in exercise radionuclide ventriculography.
A method of calculation for simulation of action potentials.
Noninvasive determination of central blood pressure by impedance plethysmography.
An automated device for aseptically aspirating serum from blood collection tubes.
Parametric changes in an intracranial pressure model during plateau waves.
Automated extraction of activity features in linear envelopes of locomotor electromyographic patterns.
Amplitude probability distribution of noise for flash-evoked potentials and robust response estimates.
Evaluation of FFT-based and modern parametric methods for the spectral analysis of bioprosthetic valve sounds.
Detection of stimulus-related (evoked response) activity in the electroencephalogram (EEG).
An autoregressive model of the BAEP signal for hearing-threshold testing.
Design and implementation of linear phase FIR filters for biological signal processing.
An asymmetric two electrode cuff for generation of unidirectionally propagated action potentials.
A programmable variable waveshape generator for electrosurgical research.
Comparison of three transmittance oximeters.
Sequential pulse defibrillation for implantable defibrillators.
The effective mass concept: theoretical and quantitative analysis of the forbidden indicator phenomenon.
Bioengineering education, 1986 Part III.
Focus on: Newark Beth Israel Medical Center Biomedical Engineering Department.
1985 survey of biomedical & clinical engineering departments in U.S. hospitals.
Quality of life judgments and medical indications.
The heart transplant dilemma.
Therefore choose death?
A survey of the legal, ethical, and public policy considerations of in vitro fertilization.
A bidomain model for the extracellular potential and magnetic field of cardiac tissue.
Correlation of constant flow rate with frequency spectrum of respiratory sounds when measured at the trachea.
The zero-delay wavenumber spectrum estimation for the analysis of array ECG signals an alternative to isopotential mapping.
ECG data compression using Fourier descriptors.
Superposition of constant and oscillatory flows in a rigid cylindrical tube: influence of entrance effects.
Aberrant heating: a problem in regional hyperthermia.
Formative mechanisms of current concentration and breakdown phenomena dependent on direct current flow through the skin by a dry electrode.
Intracranial pressure telemetry system using semicustom integrated circuits.
A contact method of ocular pulse detection for studies of carotid occlusions.
Biological design a neglected art.
Woolmer Memorial lecture. Biological design a neglected art.
Clinical engineering program: skills for managing technology.
Carbon tetrachloride induced changes in ultrasonic properties of liver.
Equivalent circuit analysis of high-frequency ventilators including a new high-impedance flow-interrupting ventilator.
Design features of a C-based software talking aid for the blind and handicapped called SPEECHEX.
Trimesters and technology: revamping Roe v. Wade.
The pursuit of the artificial heart.
Beyond localism: a proposal for a National Research Review Board.
Xenografts and scientific evaluation.
Roundoff errors in signal averaging systems.
Assessment of hip and knee joint activity using an angular displacement activity monitor.
Monitoring the workload in biomedical engineering.
A control system for high-frequency jet ventilation.
Productivity and cost-effectiveness of clinical engineering.
Bioengineering education, 1986-Part II.
Comparative cardiac mechanics: Laplace's Law.
Biosensors.
The packaging of implantable integrated sensors.
Design and implementation of an implantable goniometer.
Solid-state physical transducers for biomedical research.
Device for rapid quantification of human carotid baroreceptor-cardiac reflex responses.
Linearity and temperature control of the Fleisch pneumotachograph.
Automated optical measurements of human torso surface movements during breathing.
Liver transplantation in Massachusetts: public policymaking as morality play.
Legal perceptions and medical decision making.
Natural death acts and right to die legislation.
Adequate health care and an aging society: are they morally compatible?
Applying technology to operator requirements in medical equipment design.
Development phases for medical devices.
Attention to the medical equipment user in biomedical engineering.
The automatic external defibrillator-pacemaker: clinical rationale and engineering design.
The clinical engineer's role in design of medical devices.
Report of an IEEE task force an IEEE opinion on research needs for biomedical engineering systems.
The dynamic twisting of the left ventricle: a computer study.
Central origin vs. reflex feedback in the respiratory heart rate relationship.
Non-invasive assessment of aortic mechanical properties.
The world of biomolecules a new dimension for biomedical engineering.
Abstracts. Fifth Southern Biomedical Engineering Conference. Shreveport, October 20-21, 1986.
Fracture toughness of Kevlar 29/poly(methyl methacrylate) composite materials for surgical implantations.
A model of insulin delivery by a controlled release micropump.
Mechanics of the otolith organ dynamic response.
A computer model of neck muscle endurance and fatigue as a function of helmet loading.
Computer-aided rehabilitation engineering CARE.
A model of deposition and embolization of proteins and platelets on biomaterial surfaces.
Effects of training on human tracking of electrocutaneous signals.
Development and use of a remote-controlled mitral valve.
Jet-directed catheter for interventional radiology.
A critique of impedance measurements in cardiac tissue.
Mapping the world of biomedical engineering: Alza lecture (1985).
Polycrystalline silicon micromachining: a new technology for integrated sensors.
Methods to measure blood flow velocity of red blood cells in vivo at the microscopic level.
Microcirculatory methods for the clinical assessment of hypertension, hypotension, and ischemia.
A transparent oxygen sensor array.
Measurement of interstitial fluid pressure: comparison of methods.
In vivo photometric analysis of hemoglobin.
Measurement of the dynamics of arteriolar diameter.
Contributions to the impedance cardiogram waveform.
Recruitment properties of monopolar and bipolar epimysial electrodes.
New methods for whole blood oximetry.
A model-based system for assessing ventricular chamber pressure-volume-dimension relationship: regional and global deformation.
Validity and reliability of biostereometric measurement of the human female breast.
On-line determination of biochemical/physiological parameters in the fermentation of animal cells in a continuous or discontinuous mode.
Cardiac output measurements. A review of current techniques and research.
Cerebral magnetic fields.
Nonlinear analysis: mathematical theory and biological applications.
Quantitative analysis of cardiac arrhythmias.
Safety considerations in clinical engineering.
Analysis of the gas exchange system dynamics during high-frequency ventilation.
Nonequilibrium facilitated transport of carbon dioxide in bicarbonate and bovine albumin solutions.
A new pulsatile flow visualization method using a photochromic dye with application to Doppler ultrasound.
New polyester arterial prostheses from Great Britain: an in vitro and in vivo evaluation.
Engineering aspects of rehabilitation for the handicapped.
