Focus on: SUNY Health Center at Brooklyn Scientific & Medical Instrumentation Center.
Decisions to forgo life-sustaining therapy: the limits of ethics.
Comments on "Digital filters for real-time ECG signal processing using microprocessors".
A simulation study of intracranial pressure increment using an electrical circuit model of cerebral circulation.
RF energy deposition in a heterogeneous model of man: far-field exposures.
RF energy deposition in a heterogeneous model of man: near-field exposures.
PUPA: a pulse programming assistant for NMR imaging.
Information modeling and analysis of event related potentials.
HIDRA: a hierarchical instrument for distributed real-time analysis of biological signals.
The EEG and MEG, using a model of eccentric spheres to describe the head.
Cycle time control of an onboard oxygen generation system.
Angle independent ultrasonic detection of blood flow.
A 64-solenoid, four-level fingertip search display for the blind.
The Biomedical Engineering Department. Part 1 Medical electronics equipment maintenance.
Examining the limits of life.
Rules of safety.
Three-dimensional motion behavior of the human spine a question of terminology.
Theory on thermal probe arrays for the distinction between the convective and the perfusive modalities of heat transfer in living tissues.
Developing oscillatory flow in a circular pipe: a new solution.
The physical dimensions of the human neonatal cardiovascular system.
A self-heated thermistor technique to measure effective thermal properties from the tissue surface.
The effects of RPM and recycle on separation efficiency in a clinical blood cell centrifuge.
Kinematic and passive resistive properties of human elbow complex.
A theoretical model for water flux through the artery wall.
A structural model for molded thermoplastic ankle-foot orthoses.
On constitutive relations and finite deformations of passive cardiac tissue: I. A pseudostrain-energy function.
Load sharing among spinal elements of a motion segment in extension and lateral bending.
Upper limb loadings of gait with crutches.
Comments on "Roundoff errors in signal averaging systems".
Phase shifter for a 915 MHz phased array hyperthermia system.
A method to estimate local skull resistance in living subjects.
An improved perturbation technique for electrical impedance imaging with some criticisms.
Reduction of electrical interaction in auditory prostheses.
Current distributions produced inside and outside the cochlea from a scala tympani electrode array.
A speech processor with lateral inhibition for an eight channel cochlear implant and its evaluation.
A study of prosthetic heart valve sounds.
Comparing reconstruction algorithms for electrical impedance tomography.
Fourier imaging of electrical currents in the human brain from their magnetic fields.
A master's degree program in occupational therapy with a rehabilitation technology focus.
Special issue on technology.
Technology applications in occupational therapy.
Current density profiles of surface mounted and recessed electrodes for neural prostheses.
The response of the seated human to sinusoidal vibration and impact.
Focus on: Southern Baptist Hospital Biomedical Electronics Department.
Ectogenesis, justice and utility: a reply to James.
A clinical gait analysis system.
A review of some of the rheumatological problems and engineering capabilities.
Rethinking health care for the aged.
An ethical challenge in critical care: the severely injured patient.
Feasibility study of batteryless temperature transponders using miniature microwave cavity resonators.
Application of a neuroelectric model to electrocutaneous sensory sensitivity: parameter variation study.
Simulations and sensitivity analysis of the vestibulo-ocular reflex.
Optimal electrode configurations for external cardiac pacing and defibrillation: an inhomogeneous study.
Programmable pneumatic generator for manipulation of intrathoracic pressure.
An emulator system for developing improved elbow-prosthesis designs.
An evaluation of methods for neuromagnetic image reconstruction.
The EMG-force model of electrically stimulated muscles: dependence on control strategy and predominant fiber composition.
A prototype inverse solution in one-dimension to find the origin of excitation, strand radius, intracellular resistivity, or distance from the surface.
The rectification properties of an electrode-electrolyte interface operated at high sinusoidal current density.
Electrical characteristics of chronically implanted platinum-iridium electrodes.
Vibration of polarographic oxygen electrodes by piezoelectric elements: a method of reducing flow artifacts.
A computerized system for measuring cerebral metabolism.
Laser Doppler technique for absolute measurement of blood speed in retinal vessels.
Productivity, cost and quality control.
Focus on: Biomedical Engineering Department, Saint Therese Medical Center.
Radiology engineering at the Albany Medical Center: five year's experience.
Salary survey summary.
On not compensating for bad outcomes to biomedical innovations: a response and modest proposal.
Bioethics and applied biomaterials.
A compact centrifugal blood pump for extracorporeal circulation: design and performance.
Orthogonal bone cutting: saw design and operating characteristics.
A simple unconstrained dynamic knee simulator.
Modeling the rate of premature ventricular contractions and its response to lidocaine infusion.
Computer simulation of adaptive drug infusion.
Clinical applications of pharmacokinetics and adaptive control.
Adaptive multivariable drug delivery: control of arterial pressure and cardiac output in anesthetized dogs.
Multiple-model adaptive control of blood pressure using sodium nitroprusside.
Closed-loop regulation of a physiological parameter by an IPFM/SDC (integral pulse frequency modulated/Smith delay compensator) controller.
Does physiological blood glucose control require an adaptive control strategy?
Improvement in arterial oxygen control using multiple-model adaptive control procedures.
Automatic regulation for administration of therapeutic agents.
Continuous drug delivery system design using nonlinear decoupling: a tutorial.
An adaptive controller for closed-loop management of blood pressure in seriously ill patients.
An open-loop computer-based drug infusion system.
A model-based self-adjusting two-phase controller for vecuronium-induced muscle relaxation during anesthesia.
Knowing when not to treat.
Medical risks, disclosure, and liability: slouching toward informed consent.
A report from Australia: which babies are too expensive to treat?
Treating the public with risk communications: a public health perspective.
Force plate studies of Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
The thermal properties of human cortical bone: an in vitro study.
The causes of femoral head roughening in explanted Charnley hip prostheses.
A leg positioning and holding mechanism for use during knee surgery.
A mathematical model of the locomotor apparatus.
Mathematical models of musculo-skeletal systems.
Validity of some methods of estimating circumferential elastance of vascular prostheses.
Spectrophotometric determination of meconium concentration in amniotic fluid.
Stochastical interpretation of retinal tear.
Cardiac volume and its relationship with field plethysmogram.
Analogue tachometer for measuring heart rates in small mammals.
Control of a single degree of freedom artificial hand.
Tentacle regeneration in Hydra: a quantitative methodological approach.
Quantum noise in X-ray image intensifiers.
Computer-aided oesophageal manometry: prospects and problems.
Experimental study in rat metatarsals to determine whether callus vascularity is an indicator of the mechanical strength of healing fractures.
Relationship between lordosis and the position of the centre of reaction of the spinal disc.
Measurement of cardiac output by electrical impedance plethysmography.
Physical modelling of the arterial wall. Part 2: Simulation of the non-linear elasticity of the arterial wall.
Intrinsic indices of the left ventricle as a blood pump in normal and infarcted left ventricles.
Comparative distribution of petechial haemorrhages as a function of aircraft cockpit geometry.
Portable system for the measurement of heart rate.
Power for neurological prostheses: a simple inductive R.F. link with improved performance.
Symbolic keyboard for computer aided instruction of deaf children.
1987 Survey of hospital salaries & job responsibilities for clinical engineers & biomedical technicians.
Focus on: Johnson City Medical Center Hospital Biomedical Engineering Department.
Act on establishment of an ethical council and regulation of certain forms of biomedical experiments. Act. No. 353.
Canada: conflict as well as consensus.
Implantable ventricular assist systems.
Personal view:
Determining risk to subjects: exposure to ultrasound.
Ethical considerations in the patenting of medical processes.
Evaluation report: heat and moisture exchangers.
An instrument for testing external cardiac pacemakers.
Current developments in oxygen concentrator technology.
Circuit for monitoring the median frequency of the spectrum of the surface EMG signal.
A whole body thermal model of man during hyperthermia.
Estimation of myoelectric conduction velocity distribution.
Computer analysis of heart motion from two-dimensional echocardiograms.
An analytical descriptor of three-dimensional geometry: application to the analysis of the left ventricle shape and contraction.
A comparison of one- and two-dimensional classification of hemagglutination reactions in microplates.
A left ventricular function analyzer and its application.
The Automatic Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (AICD) a clinical and technical review.
A computerized method for processing of spectrally analysed Doppler-shifted signals from insonated arteries.
A computer model of acoustic wave scattering in soft tissue.
Spectral broadening in ultrasonic Doppler flowmeters due to unsteady flow.
Focus on: Biomedical Technology Department, Lutheran Medical Center.
Energy transfers in the spinal engine.
Novel respiratory gas volume and flow monitor.
Measurement of gastric emptying rate.
Soft-talker: a sound level monitor for the hard-of-hearing using an improved tactile transducer.
Twenty-four hour monitoring of deep body temperature with a novel flexible probe.
Mass spectrometer system for continuous skin-surface and intravascular blood gas measurement of maternal-fetal respiration in labour.
Physical modelling of the arterial wall. Part 1: Testing of tubes of various materials.
Simple physical model of coronary vasodilation.
Model of the haemodynamic reactions to intermittent coronary sinus occlusion.
Preload-independent index of contractility for the assessment of left ventricular function.
Results of a comparative in vitro study of Duromedics and Björk-Shiley monostrut mitral heart valve prostheses.
Theoretical evaluation of energy loss methods in the analysis of prosthetic heart valves.
Microcomputer-based low-cost method for measurement of spatial and temporal parameters of gait.
Laser Doppler velocimetry: the problem of fibre movement artefact.
Flow analysis for optimal configuration of hemoperfusion device.
Cardiac valve prostheses: pathological and bioengineering considerations.
Bioethical shock.
Are productivity and cost-effectiveness comparisons between in-house clinical engineering departments possible or useful?
Cost-effective clinical engineering programs: an expanding role in hospitals.
Management and control of clinical engineering productivity: a case study.
Quality assurance.
Use of a spreadsheet to develop and track budget performance.
Normal and pathological human gait analysis using miniature triaxial shoe-borne load cells.
Automatic control systems for the artificial heart and ventricular assist device.
Development of autonomous paracorporeal and implanted artificial heart and circulatory assist systems.
Design of a new pulse duplicator system for prosthetic heart valves.
Age rationing and the just distribution of health care: is there a duty to die?
Philosophical and moral aspects of manipulation and of risk.
The ambiguity of progress and medical ethics.
Informed consent in obstetrics: some special problems.
What does life support support?
State variable approach to the function of the muscular system supporting the hip joint during normal walking.
Measurement of the temporal and spatial parameters of gait using a microcomputer based system.
Microcomputer system for the analysis of muscle function.
Computer-based system for continuous on-line measurements of tissue blood perfusion.
Analysis of visual evoked potentials through Wiener filtering applied to a small number of sweeps.
Non-invasive technique for examining the respiratory proprioceptor system in man.
Functional mechanisms of polymer-based in vivo reference electrodes.
Model selection for ventricular mechanics: a sensitivity analysis approach.
Design and analysis of quantised coefficient digital filters: application to biomedical signal processing with microprocessors.
Biorheology and fluid flux in swelling tissues, II. Analysis of unconfined compressive response of transversely isotropic cartilage disc.
Biorheology and fluid flux in swelling tissues. I. Bicomponent theory for small deformations, including concentration effects.
Medical engineering in Japan. Research and development.
Proceedings of the Twenty-fourth Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the Twenty-Fourth International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. April 27-28, 1987, Fargo, North Dakota.
A vaporizer controller.
Nickel cadmium batteries in defibrillators.
Three separation-insensitive radiofrequency inductive links.
An instrument for measuring endometrial blood flow in the uterus, using two thermistor probes.
A low-power multichannel electromyographic signal data acquisition system.
Increased aortic root stiffness associated with osteogenesis imperfecta.
A Monte Carlo technique for signal level detection in implanted intracranial pressure monitoring.
Holographic interferometry: a critique of the technique and its potential for biomedical measurements.
A microcomputer-based prosthetic limb controller: design and implementation.
Relationship between chamber mechanical properties and mean pressure-mean flow diagram of the left ventricle.
Automatic control of anesthesia using two feedback variables.
A programmable-delay line.
Line frequency rejection for biomedical application.
Quantitative approach to osteoarthritic gait assessment.
Ambulance transport: a question of patient comfort.
Perspectives in non-traditional biofluid mechanics.
An automated technique for in vitro assessment of the susceptibility of urinary catheter materials to encrustation.
Body surface measurement and replication by photogrammetry and computer aided design.
Curve and surface representation by iterative B-spine fit to a data point set.
Some experimental results concerning the mechanical coupling in endoprosthetics.
Indentation study of the biochemical properties of articular cartilage in the canine knee.
Sensory control of a multifunction hand prosthesis.
A distension control device useful for quantitative studies of hollow organ sensation.
Rehabilitation R&D progress reports 1986.
Oxygen transfer in the corneal-contact lens system.
