Am empirical study of selected cost measures of clinical engineering service effectiveness.
Directory of local & regional biomedical organizations.
What do clinical engineers want from professional societies?
The profession of clinical engineering.
The Lutheran ethos and biomedical ethics today.
Crisis in the ICU.
Anatomy, physiology, chemistry, and image processing.
Issue dedicated to Dr. Samuel F. Hulbert.
Interference-rejection characteristics of biopotential amplifiers: a comparative analysis.
Biomaterials: selection and complications.
Biomechanical highlights the personal miscellany of a decade.
Cost-effective quality assurance of rented medical equipment.
How to develop a BMET (biomedical equipment technician) training program.
On the new popularity of medical ethics: some misgivings.
AIDS and the allocation of limited resources: admissions to intensive care units.
Bioengineering education in Canada, 1988.
Focus on: New England Medical Center Medical Engineering Department.
The new eugenics.
Clinical engineering in a downsizing environment.
A survey of persons certified in clinical engineering and their thoughts on the profession.
Answering the call of 'high tech medicine': wedding engineering to healing art, science.
Vital distinctions, mortal questions: debating euthanasia and health care costs.
From Baby Doe to Grandpa Doe: the impact of the federal Age Discrimination Act on the hidden rationing of medical care.
Moral reasoning and legal change: observations on the termination of medical treatment and the development of law.
Transfer of medical technology from a developed to a developing country.
Higher education courses in biomedical engineering in Europe.
Determining how much care society owes the dying.
1988 survey of hospital salaries & job responsibilities for clinical engineers & biomedical technicians.
Duke, NSF reach accord.
Effective use of physics services in the NHS.
Medical or engineering?
Audiology and its links with physical sciences in medicine.
The nature of biosensor technology.
Software quality assurance and system safety.
Setting Limits: Medical Goals in an Aging Society, by Daniel Callahan.
Selected papers presented at the 27th annual scientific meeting of the Biological Engineering Society. Oxford, UK, 2-4 September, 1987.
Basic module for an adaptive control system based on neurone information processing.
Impact of advanced manufacturing technology on prosthetic and orthotic practice.
Addendum to "Interpretation of the coherence function when using pseudorandom inputs to identify nonlinear systems".
Prostheses by computer.
Increasingly, life and death issues become money matters.
Balancing cost and benefit in treatment of late cancer.
A better life not a longer one: conversation with Joanne Silberner.
Biological nihilism and modern moral and political theory.
Pacemaker of Minnesota's health care industry.
Physical disability: the role of the physical scientist in the health service. A report of the Institute of Physical Sciences in Medicine.
Medical engineering at the New England Medical Center. Part 5 Communication between vendors and users can create great systems.
The biomedical engineering department. Part 2 Medical electronics safety.
Bio-medical technology: of the kingdom or of the cosmos?
Law and ethics: opportunistic infections of medical practice?
Misallocating health care and societal resources.
Giving life, giving death: ethical problems of high-technology medicine.
Death by directive.
Why has medical ethics become so prominent?
The ethics of patenting higher life forms.
Biotechnology and the law: social responsibility or freedom of scientific inquiry?
Exact orthogonal kernel estimation from finite data records: extending Wiener's identification of nonlinear systems.
Nonlinear structural and material properties and models: the pulmonary trunk.
A nonlinear model of respiratory mechanics in emphysematous lungs.
FM detection system for use with variable capacitance-or inductance-based transducers.
Proceedings of the twenty-fifth annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the twenty-fifth International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. April 25-26, 1988, Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Biomedical engineering at the University of Cape Town and Groote Schuur Hospital.
Fibre reinforcement of bone cement.
The nature of biotechnology.
A noniterative approximate solution method for volume conductor problems based on the finite difference method.
Ultrasound in Medicine and Biology Clinical Prize.
Restoration of functional control by electrical stimulation in the upper extremity of the quadriplegic patient.
Between the idea and the reality falls the shadow: clinical flow cytometry comes of age?
Rehabilitation R&D Progress Reports 1987.
Marketing new medical devices.
Uncertainties, fuzzy reasoning, and expert systems in bioengineering.
Medical applications of artificial cells in transfusion, phenylketonuria, essential amino acid production, and liver support.
Integrated microbiosensors for medical use.
Enzyme engineering 9.
Proceedings of the World Congress on Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering. August 6-12, 1988, San Antonio, Texas. Abstracts.
Overview of the Japan Society of Medical Electronics and Biological Engineering.
The progress of clinical anatomy in China.
Predictive changes in ventricular interdependence.
Can biomedical engineering support preventive medicine?
6-APA production in a pilot plant with an immobilized pen V acylase (SEMACYLASE).
