Medical device service: past and prologue.
The ultimate decision.
The biomedical model and just health care: reply to Jecker.
Ken Clarke festschrift.
Biomedical/clinical engineering.
General planning of an artificial organ center.
A new system to produce intraoperatively custom femoral prosthesis from measurements taken during the surgical procedure.
Shape the implant to the patient. A rationale for the use of custom-fit cementless total hip implants.
Developments in biotechnology: ethical perspectives.
Institutionalized ambiguity: conflict and continuity in the American hospital.
Measurement of the turning, rolling and obstacle resistance of wheelchair castor wheels.
The postgraduate medical informatics programme at the University of Cape Town.
Teaching medical informatics to biomedical engineering students: experiences over 15 years.
Biomedical engineering fundamentals of the intra-aortic balloon pump.
The biomedical engineering technician as a member of the clinical research team.
Current issues in clinical engineering and biomedical technology certification.
Clinical engineering department staffing: analysis of two surveys.
The bioengineered competitor? Steroids, hormones, and individual rights.
High technology health care.
Private virtues, public detriment: allocating scarce medical resources to the elderly.
Death induction, active euthanasia by omission, and protecting the vulnerable.
Finality of death: the underlying issue.
Model Aid-in-Dying Act.
A computerized kinematic diagnostic system.
Infection control, decontamination, and the clinical engineer.
The circulatory assist device program at University Medical Center. Clinical training and technical support.
Team approach to circulatory support.
The professionalization of clinical engineering.
The challenge of building quality into clinical engineering programs.
Quality assurance from the clinical engineering perspective. Interview by Ethan Hertz.
Evaluation report: ECG recorders.
Remote Control Systems' Radiotelemetry Receiver 7060: its use in clinical colonic motility measurement.
A microcomputer-based system for the accurate continuous measurement of ventilation and blood pressure parameters under anaesthesia.
In vitro testing of heart valves: evolution over the past 25 years.
Memoirs of an early heart-valve engineer.
A stress analysis of the proximal tibia after insertion of the endoprosthesis.
The future of clinical engineering in the 1990's.
Clinical engineering programs in Dallas and Fort Worth hospitals.
Occupational biohazards affecting clinical engineers & BMETs. Part V: Skin and urogenital diseases.
Troubleshooting repairs of biomedical equipment.
A simple remote-controlled power switch for internalized bioelectronic instrumentation.
Biomedical engineering in the early U.S. aerospace program.
Separating death from mind and morals.
Justice, health care, and the elderly.
Ethical responsibility in the German Democratic Republic.
France: a focus on the new reproduction.
Enhancing clinical engineering credibility and visibility in a medical center.
The clinical engineering budget.
The clinical engineering budget: how to tell the boss where the dollars went. Interview by Michael J Miller.
Changes in heating patterns of interstitial microwave antenna arrays at different insertion depths.
Expert system approach to detection of epileptiform activity in the EEG.
The inductorium: the stimulator associated with discovery.
Noninvasive microwave phased arrays for local hyperthermia: a review.
Tests on a shocking device the stun gun.
Experimental determination of the frequency response characteristics of physiological pressure measurement systems.
Novel FIFO computer interface for gamma cameras.
Combined water bath and rocking tilt table stimulator to test autonomic function by a thermal and postural entrainment method.
Testing of heat exchanging capacity and effect of the subject's position on thermal entrainment in a water bath stimulator.
Transthoracic resistance changes during cardiac defibrillation.
New noninvasive piezoelectric transducer for recording of respiration, heart rate and body movements.
Incremental network analogue model of the coronary artery.
Model study of the spread of electrotonic potential in cardiac tissue.
Noninvasive heart rate monitoring system for avian embryos based on the ballistocardiogram.
Cross-sectional area measurement in collapsed tubes using the transformer principle.
Ag/AgCl electrode assembly for thin smooth muscle electromyography.
Frequency response model of skeletal muscle: effect of perturbation level, and control strategy.
Thermal clearance blood flow sensor sensitivity, linearity and flow depth discrimination.
Occupational biohazards affecting clinical engineers & BMETs. Part IV: Respiratory and gastrointestinal systems.
An open forum on: a national clinical engineering society.
1989 Survey of hospital salaries & job responsibilities for clinical engineers & biomedical technicians.
Central equipment control department.
Biotechnology and the commercial use of human cells: toward an organic view of life and technology.
Attitudes of hospitalized patients toward life support: a survey of 200 medical inpatients.
Commercialising biomedical technology.
Thermodynamic consequences of the dispersion relation in nonlinear biomechanical materials and systems.
Clinical applications of biomechanics. Papers presented at the 28th annual scientific meeting of the Biological Engineering Society. Salford, UK, 7-9 September 1989.
Fast integer coefficient FIR filters to remove the AC interference and the high-frequency noise components in biological signals.
Electrical properties of tissues involved in the conduction of foetal ECG.
Simultaneous measurement of surface EMG and movements for clinical use.
Improved photomultiplier tube for positron emission tomography.
Principles and appraisal of combined images in NMR.
Mathematical model for interpretation of Doppler velocity waveform indices.
Model of respiratory sinus arrhythmia in man.
Quantitative analysis of the insulating effect of silicone oil on the electroretinogram.
Microprocessor-controlled vector scan display system for generation of real-time visual stimuli.
Dual-pathway model of the human vestibulo-ocular reflex.
Bottom-up approach to the ECG pattern-recognition problem.
The Pocket Speech Aid.
Spectral analysis of EEG responses.
Occupational biohazards affecting clinical engineers & BMETs. Part III: Blood and other body fluids.
The amicus curiae brief: public policy versus personal freedom.
Reproductive laws, women of color, and low-income women.
Equitable access to biomedical advances: getting beyond the rights impasse.
Age-based rationing of medical care: a legal and policy critique.
Age-based rationing and technological development.
Setting limits: a realistic assignment for the Medicare program?
Medical implications of setting limits: using age as a criterion.
Predicting the future of privacy in pregnancy: how medical technology affects the legal rights of pregnant women.
Noninvasive bioengineering assessment of psoriasis.
Health care in the United States: rights and reality.
Privacy and personhood revisited: a new framework for substitute decisionmaking for the incompetent, incurably ill adult.
Do we have the standards we need? Do we need the standards we have?
Occupational biohazards affecting clinical engineers & BMETs. Part II: Common biohazard questions.
Occupational biohazards affecting clinical engineers & BMETs. Part I: Preliminary survey of perceived hazards.
Rehabilitation R & D Progress Reports 1988.
IPSM annual conference: selected abstracts. Institute of Physical Sciences in Medicine. Canterbury, 14th-16th September 1988.
Racial differences found in kind of medical care Americans get.
Challenges of the new biotechnology.
Designer genes: an ethical perspective on genetic manipulation.
Biology and the future: a doctrinal agenda.
Should there be governmental guidelines in bioethics? The French approach.
Medicare's End-Stage Renal Disease Program: its development and implications for health care policy.
Public-private partnerships in biomedical research: resolving conflicts arising under the Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1986.
Contemporary bioethics and the demise of modern medicine.
Wanted   the ethical in Jewish bio-ethics.
Science and values.
Clinical engineering in clinical departments: a different point of view.
Should there be a formal mechanical-optic-electronic biomedical-engineering program?
Selected papers from the 6th University of California-at-Davis Biomedical Engineering Symposium. May 1986.
A quantitative comparison of a position measurement system and accelerometry.
The theory and design of piezoelectric/pyroelectric polymer film sensors for biomedical engineering applications.
Proceedings of the twenty-sixth annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the twenty-sixth International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. April 21-22, 1989, Ames, Iowa.
Bioengineering systems research in the United States: an overview report of the Engineering Research Board, National Research Council.
The Internal Human Conditioning System: a multipurpose programmable biomedical system.
Advances in rehabilitation technology. NSC-88. North Sea Conference on Biomedical Engineering. Maastricht, The Netherlands, April 13-15, 1988. Proceedings.
Recent advances in biomaterials and medical devices. Selected papers presented at the fifth Southern Biomedical Engineering Conference. Shreveport, Louisiana, October 20-21, 1986.
Work of IEEE P1157 Medical Data Interchange committee.
Design for an ultrasound-based instrument for measurement of tissue blood flow.
The rational construction of new enzymes: design and synthesis of a dehydrogenase which accepts an unnatural substrate.
Development of a microwave-induced hyperthermia system with multiple applicators.
Eighth Southern Biomedical Engineering Conference. Richmond, Virginia, October 15-16, 1989. Abstracts.
Knowledge exchange between medicine and engineering.
Clinical engineering in Japan and the Bill for the Clinical Engineering Technician Law.
