Degree or not degree.
College membership standards.
Biomedical engineering: recognition and representation.
The assessment of dynamic foot-to-ground contact forces and plantar pressure distribution: a review of the evolution of current techniques and clinical applications.
Shoes for the insensitive foot: the effect of a "rocker bottom" shoe modification on plantar pressure distribution.
Moral distinctions.
The ethics of equivalent treatment.
The view from the trenches.
The Jewish entailments of valuing life.
Tips for better management of technology.
Clinical engineering in Italy: the activity of the National Research Council.
Biomedical signal processing (in four parts). Part 1. Time-domain methods.
Intracavitary hyperthermia applicators for treating nasopharyngeal and cervical cancers.
BSI certification.
Designing and implementing a performance-based employee evaluation system.
Establishing the priority of equipment inspections.
Disaster planning and the role of the BMET.
Technology management in the health care environment yesterday, today, and tomorrow: Part 2.
New cost-cutting strategy impacts CE departments.
Human gene therapy: an ethical advance?
Genetics, ethics, and human values: human genome mapping, genetic screening and gene therapy.
Sacred or for sale? The human body in the age of biotechnology.
Human nature technologically revisited.
Setting floating limits: functional status care categories as national policy.
Heads, feds, and beds: ethical dilemmas in the delivery of medical care.
The physician-societal relationship: autonomy not paternalism.
The ethics of health care as a business.
A proposal for health care: revolution not reform.
From the editors.
The ethics of ex utero research on spare 'non-viable' IVF human embryos.
Ligamentous laxity across C0-C1-C2 complex. Axial torque-rotation characteristics until failure.
Why gene therapy is considered scary but cell therapy isn't.
Bioethics attacked in Germany.
Earth benefits from space life sciences.
Microcomputer-based coronary care unit central station.
Organizing a study program for BMETs.
Surviving and growing in the '90s: managerial methods for the hospital-based BME/CE department.
Technology management in the health care environment yesterday, today, and tomorrow: Part 1.
The artificial substitution of missing hands with myoelectrical prostheses.
Strategies for improving clinical engineering in-service instruction.
Genetics and the law: bibliography.
Patenting the human genome.
Mapping the human genome and the meaning of monster mythology.
The right to die at the end of your life.
The resource-based relative value scale: an ethical assessment.
A Protestant view of new reproductive technologies.
The BMET (biomedical engineering technician) Internship Program at University Hospital Stony Brook, New York.
Contamination of the medical air supply with oxygen: a clinical engineering incident investigation.
1990 survey of hospital salaries & job responsibilities for clinical engineers & biomedical technicians.
The clinical engineering profession: a new society.
High-frequency chest compression system to aid in clearance of mucus from the lung.
Clinical equipment replacement planning.
Administrators and computerized maintenance management systems: a case study.
In-house service contracts.
Evaluating your facility's biomedical program.
Should transplantation be a part of a health care system?
Oregon lists illnesses by priority to see who gets Medicaid care.
A pathology of medical ethics: economic medical rationing in a morally incoherent society.
Education of clinical engineers in the 1990s.
Noninvasive microwave phased arrays for local hyperthermia: a review.
Interstitial microwave hyperthermia applicators having submillimetre diameters.
Performance of a multi-sector ultrasound hyperthermia applicator and control system: in vivo studies.
Heating characteristics of a 430 MHz microwave heating system with a lens applicator in phantoms and miniature pigs.
Heating system with a lens applicator for 430 MHz microwave hyperthermia.
Product liability aspects of bioengineering.
Engineering for health. 29th annual scientific meeting of the Biological Engineering Society. Bristol, 4-6 September 1989. Proceedings.
Myoelectric control systems research at the Bio-Engineering Institute, University of New Brunswick.
The allocation of scarce medical resources: a philosophical analysis of the halakhic sources.
Justice, HMOs, and the invisible rationing of health care resources.
Death and life decisions: who is in control?
Development of bioartificial liver: bilirubin conjugation in Gunn rats.
Controlling health care costs by controlling technology: a private contractual approach.
Ethics in bioengineering.
Management of rented medical equipment.
Hospital technology management: the Tao of clinical engineering.
Results of an international survey of clinical engineering departments. Part 2. Budgets, staffing, resources and financial strategies.
Results of an international survey of clinical engineering departments. Part 1. Role, functional involvement and recognition.
Ask nurses about medical devices.
Transferring technology into the health care delivery system: the clinical engineering responsibility.
Survey: teaching facilities pay top CE salaries.
Intensive care units (ICUs), and ordinary means: turning virtue into vice.
A commentary on four papers on surrogate motherhood.
Reproductive technologies and surrogacy: policy concerns for women.
Rehabilitation R&D progress reports 1989.
From equipment control to technology management: why clinical engineering is undergoing a transformation.
Completing the transition from clinical engineering to technology management.
The transition from equipment control to today's clinical engineering department.
The constitution in a brave new world: a century of technological change and constitutional law.
Delivery room resuscitation of the high-risk infant: a conflict of rights.
Allocation of scarce medical resources.
Fragmenting and reassembling the world: of flying squirrels, augmented persons, and other monsters.
The marketing of the new reproductive technologies: medicine, the media, and the idea of progress.
Pressure sores: more than meets the eye.
Biomedical engineering management of Novacor left ventricular assist system (LVAS) patients.
19th annual UCLA symposium: Tissue engineering. Abstracts.
Fractal dynamics of polarized bioelectrodes.
Fractals in biomedical research.
Introduction to fractals in biomedical research.
Design methodology for aids for the disabled.
NDSU undergraduate design projects for the disabled.
AURA: a new respiratory monitor.
Proceedings of the twenty-seventh annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the twenty-seventh International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. April 6-7, 1990, Denver, Colorado.
Biomedical standards: what do they offer clinical engineering?
Personality characteristics of biomedical equipment technicians.
Crosstalk resistant adaptive noise cancellation.
The central axis prosthetic cardiac valve: an in vitro study of pressure drop assessment under steady-state flow conditions.
Microbial aggregates in anaerobic wastewater treatment.
Large-scale animal cell cultures: design and operational considerations.
Non-stationary analysis of electromyographic activity prior to a ballistic voluntary contraction.
Optimal afterload for the heart vs. optimal heart for the afterload.
Evaluation of left ventricular function by application of external minute vibration.
Assessment of left ventricular regional work under ischemia.
Isotonic myocardial segment dynamics during barium contracture as a useful index of the cross-bridge kinetics: effect of adrenaline.
Fluid flow in a strongly curved pipe.
Analysis of gas transport in high-frequency ventilation.
Inelastic constitutive modeling for blood vessels based on viscoplasticity.
Mechanical properties of cultured endothelial cells exposed to shear stress.
Elasto-mixed lubrication in total hip prostheses.
Difficulties and hope in artificial organ research.
Bioreactors in medicine.
Rehabilitation engineering in pediatrics.
Neutron capture therapy beams at the MIT Research Reactor.
Alterations in left ventricular filling in hypertensive patients with left ventricular hypertrophy as assessed by Doppler echocardiography.
Modelling more than the favorite toy of engineers?
A tubular bioreactor for high density cultivation of microorganisms.
On the establishment of the Japanese Industrial Standard (JIS) T1011 Glossary of Terms used in Medical Electrical Equipment (General Terms).
Programming eccentricities of an activity sensing pacemaker.
Transient response of a solid-liquid model biological fluidised bed to a step change in fluid superficial velocity.
