Collagen engineering for biomaterial use.
Health jobs you might not know about.
The sorcerer and his apprentices: contributions of Professor R.H.T. Bates to the physical sciences and engineering in medicine.
The Oregon trail reaches Britain.
Testing the implementation of clinical guidelines.
Artificial kidneys and artificial hearts.
Home health care: how long will it remain "low tech"
Morality and biotechnology.
Reflections on objectification.
(Com)modifying experience.
Against Ludditism: an essay on the perils of the (mis)use of historical analogies in technology assessment.
Vital essences and human wholeness: the social readings of biological information.
"Help, Ma, I'm being controlled by inanimate objects.
Technology and resource allocation: old problems in new clothes.
Transforming mortality: technology and the allocation of resources.
"I was like   whoa": a commentary on Shapiro's Performance enhancement and the control of attributes.
The technology of perfection: performance enhancement and the control of attributes.
Biomedical technology and health care: transforming our world.
The Wentworth Center for Clinical Engineering: a collaborative and interactive venture.
Artificial heart development: a long effort.
Role of the clinical engineer in patient monitoring services.
Quality management, Deming principles, and clinical engineering.
IBEES Prize Lecture: the future of biomedical engineering.
Diffusion of in-vitro fertilization in the Netherlands and England: an exploratory study.
Rehabilitation and technology: ethical considerations.
A quality of life determined by a baby's size   smallest survivors: dilemmas of prematurity.
On Bernard Häring: construing medical ethics theologically.
What administrators need to know about clinical engineers. Understanding the equipment manager's responsibilities and concerns.
Circaseptans return to Bratislava and gather momentum beyond.
Parents of tiny infants find care choices are not theirs   smallest survivors: dilemmas of prematurity.
As more tiny infants live, choices and burdens grow   smallest survivors: dilemmas of prematurity.
Health care struggle between young and old.
Sympathy, empathy, and physician resource utilization.
Rationing medical care.
The definition of a clinical engineer.
Directory of local & regional biomedical organizations.
Career tools: resume writing and the job interview.
Careers "Fact Sheets" for clinical engineering & biomedical technology.
The BMET (biomedical equipment technician) career: academic curricula, hospital needs, & employee perceptions.
Advancing your career in clinical engineering or biomedical technology.
Scientific and ethical considerations in human gene therapy.
New adventures in biomedical engineering: radiation safety program management.
Laser maintenance and safety precautions.
Clinical involvement of biomedical specialists in neonatal extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO).
Communication from China.
Health care rationing and insured access: does the Catholic tradition have anything to say?
Studies say women fail to receive equal treatment for heart disease.
Engineers open a dialogue with neurons.
Academic-corporate ties in biotechnology: a quantitative study.
An appraisal of the ethical issues involved in high-technology cancer pain relief.
Internally developed medical equipment management system: a viable alternative.
The role of clinical engineering in the redesign of existing hospital patient monitoring systems.
Clinical engineering in today's hospital: perspectives of the administrator and the clinical engineer.
Prioritizing equipment inspections.
High-quality recording of bioelectric events. Part 2. Low-noise, low-power multichannel amplifier design.
U.S. international standards strategies.
When healers are entrepreneurs: a debate over costs and ethics.
A dual-frequency circularly polarizing whole-body MR antenna for 69/170 MHz.
College membership standards.
Health care costs, malpractice, and tikkun.
Rescuing health care: the price of health.
Setting priorities in health care: an economist's view.
The Oregon priority-setting exercise: quality of life and public policy.
Setting health care priorities: Oregon's next steps.
Centralized maintenance responsibilities: a case study.
1991 survey of hospital salaries & job responsibilities for clinical engineers & biomedical technicians.
The emergence of a new medical & biological engineering infrastructure.
Biomedical signal processing (in four parts). Part 3. The power spectrum and coherence function.
Tissue engineering. Selected papers from the UCLA Symposium of Tissue Engineering. Keystone, Colorado, April 6-12, 1990.
IBEES Prize Lecture. The future of biomedical engineering.
Electro-rheological fluids: an introduction for biomedical applications.
30th annual scientific meeting of the Biological Engineering Society. Durham, 18-20 September 1990.
Is there a future for engineering in medicine?
BMETs: the state of the profession. Interview by Michael Miller.
Building a CE information base.
Employee evaluation system.
Collaboration with Michel Mirowski on the development of the AICD.
The industrialization of the AICD.
In Canada, a government system that provides health care to all: the price of health.
Medical technology "arms race" adds billions to the nation's bills: the price of health.
Medicare to weigh cost as a factor in reimbursement.
Of gametes and guardians: the impropriety of appointing guardians ad litem for fetuses and embryos.
Treatments of last resort: informed consent and the diffusion of new technology.
Ethics in the age of bureaucracy.
Court-ordered health care.
On halakhic approaches to medical care for the terminally ill: a response.
A halakhic ethic of care for the terminally ill.
A Jewish approach to end-stage medical care.
Biomedical engineering in dentistry.
Ethical issues in biomedical engineering: the Bjork-Shiley heart valve.
Medical ethics in the 21st century: respect for autonomy in care of the elderly patient.
Clinical engineering in Brazil: current status.
Focus on: Boston City Hospital Department of Clinical Engineering.
Technology assessment, transfer, and management: the implications to the professional development of clinical engineering.
Productivity enhancements using hand-held computers: a case study.
Clinical engineering development of computer applications for an anesthesiology department.
Clinical engineering workload analysis: a proposal for standardization.
Synaptic connections, receptive fields, and patterns of activity in the tiger salamander retina. A simulation of patterns of activity formed at each cellular level from photoreceptors to ganglion cells [the Friendenwald lecture].
Introduction of Frank Werblin, Friedenwald Award winner, 1990.
Static and dynamic accuracy required of gas concentration measuring instruments.
Recording of physiological signals with domestic videotape storage.
NASA spinoffs to bioengineering and medicine.
Biological satellite scientific devices.
Devices for medical investigations under hypogravity.
An electrohydraulic apparatus for the measurement of static and dynamic properties of rabbit muscles.
Implementing a ventricular assist device program. A partnership between nursing and clinical engineering.
Flouting the guidelines   BBC2 Public Eye: "Failing to deliver?," 11 Jan.
Babies for sale: market ethics and the new reproductive technologies.
Beyond abortion: human genetics and the new eugenics.
Moral perspectives on euthanasia.
The bioethical dilemmas of living longer: their challenge to Christian ethics.
Thinking theologically about modern medicine.
Mortal decisions: What Kind of Life and Who Lives? Who Dies?
Draft report to annual and central conferences, Dec 1990: an invitation to explore a frontier.
Genetic engineering: should parents be allowed to design their children?
Ethics and statistics in randomized clinical trials.
How green is your grass? A comparative analysis of the American and Canadian health care systems.
The effects of uncertainty on the physician-patient relationship in predictive genetic testing.
Medical engineering in Switzerland.
Instrument to test patency of lacrimal drainage system.
Productivity, efficiency, & effectiveness in the management of healthcare technology: an incentive pay proposal.
Prediction of heating patterns of a microwave interstitial antenna array at various insertion depths.
Limits on focused power deposition for electromagnetic hyperthermia.
Loosening of cementless femoral stems: a biomechanical analysis of immediate fixation with loading vertical, femur horizontal.
Control performance characteristics of myoelectric signal with additive interference.
Aspects of silicone rubber as an encapsulant for neurological prostheses. Part 1. Osmosis.
Computer-aided design and evaluation of novel catheters for conductive interstitial hyperthermia.
Biomedical signal processing (in four parts). Part 2. The frequency transforms and their inter-relationships.
A BMET study program should ask why.
BMET of the year.
Biomedical equipment information management for the next generation.
Creating a quality measurement system for clinical engineering.
The underestimation of Young's modulus in compressive testing of cancellous bone specimens.
Rotational flexibility of the human knee due to varus/valgus and axial moments in vivo.
Review of the professional group meeting on biological time series signals and their fluctuations.
Development of array applicators for superficial hyperthermia.
Status of medical engineering technology assessment in Japan.
Bioengineering activities at the New York Orthopaedic Hospital Research Laboratory.
A ventilator generating a positive or negative internal compliance.
Cellular engineering.
Heating characteristics of a helical microwave applicator for transurethral hyperthermia of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Technical papers composing the proceedings of the 28th Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium & 28th International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. Rochester, Minnesota, April 12-13, 1991.
Bioengineering activities in the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery and Trauma, Royal Adelaide Hospital, Adelaide, south Australia.
Report of the Working Party on Engineering in Medicine.
The Christopher Hinton Lecture 1990. Medical engineering the multi-disciplinary challenge.
