Functional status of bio-medical engg. departments in tertiary care hospitals a comparative study.
Value issues in biomedical science: public concerns and professional complacency.
Efficacy of engineering controls in reducing occupational exposure to aerosolized pentamidine.
Ethicists struggle to judge the 'value' of life.
"Squatter's rights in the ovum": the unborn as patient.
"American College of Physician Inventors" formed.
Biomch-L: an electronic mail discussion forum for biomechanics and movement science.
"A time to be born and a time to die": a Jewish medical directive for health care.
The right to die: state courts lead where legislatures fear to tread.
Combining the best of two medical worlds: Canadian universality and United States' freedom.
Restructuring health care: rationing and compromise.
A processing strategy for automated Papanicolaou smear screening.
Improving biomedical engineering documentation skills: a case study.
A coaxial gas delivery system for laser bronchoscopy.
Silicone genital prosthesis for female-to-male transsexuals.
The clinical engineer as medical laser safety officer.
Pain management: engineering successful outcomes.
Material help.
Biomedical engineering. A means to add new dimension to medicine and research.
Netherlands: rational choices in health care.
Ethical issues at the interface between orthopedics and bioengineering.
Life-systems ethics and physician-engineer interactions.
That lonesome grail: The Code of Codes: Scientific and Social Issues in the Human Genome Project.
Ethical issues in genetic engineering: a survey.
Ethical conflicts in health care technology.
Gorovitz, Samuel. Drawing the Line: Life, Death, and Ethical Choices in an American Hospital.
Two responses to "Physician refusal of requests for futile or ineffective interventions," by John J. Paris and Frank E. Reardon: Medical futility   communication between doctors and patients  Applying the concept of futility at the bedside.
Decisions near the end of life: resource allocation implications for hospitals.
Beyond futility: commentary.
Technical note: preventive maintenance quality assurance.
Becoming an effective clinical engineering or biomedical technology manager.
Career opportunities in clinical engineering.
The role of simulation in the design of control systems.
Closed-loop control of arterial pressure during cardiac surgery.
Electric field induced in a spherical volume conductor from arbitrary coils: application to magnetic stimulation and MEG.
Tissue engineering in the USA.
Opportunities for the cellular approach in biomedical engineering.
In vitro assessment of the Milwaukee Heart and right to left balance.
The second and third model of the flow transformed pulsatile total artificial heart.
Development of a totally implantable artificial heart.
Thermal, operational, and storage stability of immobilized carbonic anhydrase in membrane lungs.
Initial in vivo tests of an electrohydraulic actuated total artificial heart.
Does a porcine hepatocyte hybrid artificial liver prolong the survival time of anhepatic rabbits?
The spring-driven implantable pump. A low-cost alternative.
A blood pump with an interatrial shunt for use as an electrohydraulic total artificial heart.
Surface fixation of hydrogels. Heparin and glucose oxidase hydrogelated surfaces.
Tissue viability measurement by in situ fluorometry.
Laboratory experience with a novel, non-occlusive, pressure-regulated peristaltic blood pump.
Two-dimensional orientational response of smooth muscle cells to cyclic stretching.
Development of an implantable centrifugal blood pump.
Electrohydraulic ventricular assist device development.
Baylor multipurpose circulatory support system for short- to long-term use.
Development of an axial flow blood pump LVAS.
Two-dimensional cell manipulation technology. An artificial neural circuit based on surface microphotoprocessing.
Fabrication of a jellyfish valve for use in an artificial heart.
A motor integrated regenerative pump as the actuator of an electrohydraulic totally implantable artificial heart.
Novel instrumentation monitoring in situ platelet adhesivity with a quartz crystal microbalance.
BSD 2000 multi-applicator hyperthermia system using scattering- or S-parameters.
Automated mechanical thermometry probe mapping systems for hyperthermia.
Military clinical engineering: the Israel Defense Forces experience.
What is a clinical engineer? Issues in definition.
Ethics education at the engineering/medicine interface.
The bioengineer's obligations to patients.
Innovation and change in medical technology: interactions between physicians and engineers.
Judaism and the health care crisis.
Artificial respiration and AHN : some similarities and differences.
Consumer expectations and access to health care.
Older Americans and the rationing of health care.
Should ethical and legal standards for physicians be changed to accommodate new models for rationing health care?
Professional judgment and the rationing of medical care.
Just health care rationing: a democratic decisionmaking approach.
Regulatory rationing: a solution to health care resource allocation.
Cutting waste by making rules: promises, pitfalls, and realistic prospects.
Rationing health care: the unnecessary solution.
Technology assessment: the missing human dimension.
1992 survey of salaries & responsibilities for hospital biomedical/clinical engineering & technology personnel.
Technology assessment and equipment planning in Kaiser Permanente, Northern California Region.
Computerized maintenance management systems for clinical engineering.
Commentary regarding ECRI response to the use of the Gaymar T-pump in ECMO.
Neonatal ECMO praise.
Wheelchair-mounted integrated control systems for multiply handicapped people.
HSE scientist wins 1992 Beilby Award.
Changing your genes.
The problems of being bioethical.
Ethics, genetics and science policy.
The cognitive politics of professional conflict: law reform, mental health treatment technology, and citizen self-governance.
Instructions for the Valley of the Shadow: a medical directive (living will)
Codes of ethics, professions, and conflict of interest: a case study of an emerging profession, clinical engineering.
Mock hospital ethics committee: the role of ethics committees in resource distribution.
Rationing or resource allocation in health care?
Confluence of ethical and economic issues in the development and adoption of high technology approaches in clinical care.
Living within limits: the future of health care.
The "ethics of evidence" and randomized controlled trials.
Ethics and evidence.
As quadruplets hang on, a welfare fight rages.
Rationing life.
Considering experimentation and elusive truth: informed consent made difficult.
Hospital bioethics: a beginning knowledge base for the neonatal social worker.
Current sheet applicator arrays for superficial hyperthermia of chestwall lesions.
An apparatus to measure in vivo biomechanical behavior of dorsi- and plantarflexors of mouse ankle.
Searching and citing clinical engineering literature.
FFT-based digital tactile vocoder system for real-time use.
On/off control in FES-induced standing up: a model study and experiments.
Closed-chest cardiac stimulation with a pulsed magnetic field.
Heart rate and body temperature sensitive diaphragm pacing.
Engineering and physiological approaches to the study of cardiovascular function.
Resource allocation in the intensive care unit.
Technology in medicine   ethics, politics and reality.
Temperature selective deposition of Parylene-C.
An experimental system for auditory image representations.
Molecular bioengineering of biomaterials in the 1990s and beyond: a growing liaison of polymers with molecular biology.
Artificial and bioartificial replacement of the endocrine pancreas.
Dedication to Dr. Willem Johan Kolff.
Design of a clinical engineering management information system.
Justice, community dialogue, and health care.
A legal research agenda for the Human Genome Initiative.
"He wants to do what?" Cryonics: issues in questionable medicine and self-determination.
The issue of personal choice: the competent incurable patient and the right to commit suicide?
Medicine's future: technology or a person-centred profession?
The patient's story and the right to refuse treatment: are we listening?
Collaboration between nurse researchers and biomedical engineers.
Immunochemically based assays for process control.
Use of regulated secretion in protein production from animal cells: an overview.
Use and engineering aspects of immobilized cells in biotechnology.
A human genome analysis system (HUGA-I) developed in Japan.
Artificial neural networks in bioprocess state estimation.
System biomedicine: a new paradigm in biomedical engineering.
The human genome project as social policy: implications for clinical medicine.
Towards a biomolecular computer.
Job roles of assistive technology service providers in the United States.
Biomedical engineering basis of traditional Chinese medicine.
Engineering design of vascular prostheses.
An introduction to the special issue on vascular haemodynamics.
Bioengineering activities in the Department of Mechanical and Production Engineering at the University of Limerick.
Conceptual design and cost estimate for a modified hemoglobin production plant.
Autologous graft engineering.
Graft engineering: the evolution of hematopoietic transplantation.
9th annual meeting of the Skin Pharmacology Society, Cleveland, Ohio, October 14-16, 1992. 9th International Symposium on Bioengineering and the Skin, Sendai, Japan, October 19-20, 1992. Abstracts.
Bioengineering: the fifth traditional engineering discipline?
