A matter of life and death.
Abstracts of the thirteenth Southern Biomedical Engineering Conference. Rockville, Maryland. April 16-17, 1994.
Teaching of ethics in biomedical engineering.
STADEERS: a software package for the statistical design of experiments pertaining to the estimation of parameters in rate expressions that describe enzyme-catalyzed processes.
The genetic revolution: despite perfection of elegant techniques, ethical answers still elusive.
Critical issues debates: intervention for infants with fatal heart disease, xenografting, and brain death criteria for anencephalic infants. Debate I. Resolved: a fetus or infant diagnosed with fatal heart disease should be referred for transplantation or palliative surgery.
Thirty years ago.
What bioethics brought to the public.
Three views of history: view the third.
Three views of history: view the second.
Three views of history: view the first.
Hard cases really aren't that important: reflections on Lisa Belkin's First, Do No Harm.
At the Center: a tale of two stories.
Development of a computerized equipment management program at Children's Hospital "Bambino Gesù" of Rome, Italy.
Focus on: Thomas Jefferson University Hospital, Department of Biomedical Instrumentation.
Focus on: The Methodist Hospital, Houston, Texas, Biomedical Instrumentation Department.
MedWatch: FDA's new medical products reporting program.
Using laptop computers as a BMET field service tool.
Preventing stagnation of a CE department.
Degradation of biomaterials by phagocyte-derived oxidants.
Tomorrow's prenatal genetic testing. Should we test for 'minor' diseases?
Society's views on ethics in scientific research.
Human gene therapy: down the slippery slope?
Quality and sanctity of life in the Talmud and the Midrash.
New genetic medicine and public opinion.
Expanding the scope of nursing ethics: cost containment, justice and rationing.
Medical devices for military use.
Robots for health care.
All rights reserved: how the gene-patenting race is affecting science.
Medical imaging equipment service in Kaiser Permanente, Northern California.
Developmental history, early use, and implementation of the Automatic Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator.
Engineering considerations in the development of the automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator.
Engineering modifications for dynamic stereotactically assisted radiotherapy.
Should we change the human genome?
EquipTeach: a computer-aided instruction to teach users how to operate specific medical equipment.
The clinical engineer's role in incident investigation.
New approaches to technology assessment: opportunities and trends.
Mass customization of prosthetic and orthotic devices.
Initiatives in the biomedical industry.
Biomedical engineering in Hong Kong the Scottish connection.
Strathclyde-Rostock cooperation.
Development of prosthetic/orthotic education and training.
Bioengineering at the University of Strathclyde.
It seemed a good idea at the time.
Bioengineering in Edinburgh.
Application of art, science and gumption in the care of the disabled.
Historical aspects of biomedical engineering: a perspective from recent work in the sociology of technology.
Samuel Haughton (1821-1897).
Metabolic engineering methodologies and future prospects.
"Listening" to nature: the significance of Leon Kass for Catholic moral theology.
An algorithm for approximate crinkle artifact compensation in pressure-sensitive film recordings.
Developing and delivering new medical technologies: issues beyond access.
Life-sustaining technologies: value issues.
Assistive technology policy: a road to independence for individuals with disabilities.
Cultural lag, economic scarcity, and the technological quagmire of "Infant Doe".
Premature adoption and resolution of medical technology: illustrations from childbirth technology.
Rationing medical care to the elderly revisited: futility as a just criterion.
Accumulating resources in perinatal intensive care centers: market strategies and ethical issues.
"No margin, no mission": challenge to institutional ethics.
Access to health care for the elderly.
Section IX: Ethical and legal issues in specialized nutrition support.
Pursuing a peaceful death.
Reflections on playing God engendered by a chat with L.
Biomedical engineering education & industry: an Australian perspective.
The BMET (biomedical equipment technician) career.
"Agenda for change".
Three-dimensional visualization of air flow in infant incubators using computational fluid mechanics.
An equipment systems laboratory for the biomedical equipment technology curriculum.
Evolution of a successful quality management program for biomedical engineering.
Strategic planning in clinical engineering.
Reportability of incidents.
New ideas in biomaterials science a path to engineered biomaterials.
Clinical engineering support for the critical care unit.
World Congress on Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering. Proceedings. Kyoto, 7-12 July 1991.
Biomedical engineering: relevant or not?
Potential applications of microsystems engineering in minimal invasive surgery.
Value variables in the health-care reform debate.
Tissue engineering.
The search for ethical symmetry in health care reform: individual preference vs. societal need.
1993 survey of salaries & responsibilities for hospital biomedical/clinical engineering & technology personnel.
A flexible information management system. Better information management means increased productivity.
A proposed model for designing clinical engineering department protocols. Some ideas for implementing and augmenting your hospital's policies and procedures.
Responsibilities and training needs of BMETs in Veterans Affairs and large private-sector hospitals. BMET job descriptions vary widely.
Status of clinical engineering title.
Ocular microtremor measurement system: design and performance.
Development of steerable instruments for minimal invasive surgery in modular conception.
Edlich's academical village.
Rationing: national or global?
Professional integrity and global budgeting: a study of physician gatekeeping in the British National Health Service.
International challenges and opportunities in health.
The rationing of health care: a doctor's dilemma.
What has bioethics to offer the developing countries.
Some ways that technology and terminology distort the euthanasia issue.
Biomedicine and bioethics: de lege lata, de lege ferenda. "... the law today, as laid down, and what tomorrow may bring.".
Measurement of angular displacements using Hall effect transducers.
Mechanical methods of controlling ataxia.
Medicus and technicus.
Public disagrees with professionals over NHS rationing.
Response to Roger W. Hunt.
How to locate & hire clinical/biomedical engineers, supervisors, managers & biomedical equipment technicians.
Focus on: University Hospital & Health Sciences Center SUNY at Stony Brook Biomedical Engineering Department.
Review of scheduled performance assurance inspections.
Strategies for technology management in clinical engineering.
Creating an effective clinical engineering team.
Equipment performance testing: frequency & detail.
Micromachining technology and biomedical engineering.
The blood compatibility catastrophe.
Biomaterials in medicine a bioengineering perspective.
The challenge of efficient clinical engineering.
The high cost of living.
Health care providers, insurers, and individual patients; the right to treatment; economic and policy issues.
Human gene therapy research: technological temptations and social control.
Ethics and the public health.
Case vignette: inside information.
Perceptions concerning research integrity and the practice of data audit in the biotechnology industry.
"Medical futility" and physician refusal of requested treatment.
Modelling aperture antennas in the near- and far-field regions using subarrays of equivalent uniformly illuminated apertures.
A clinical engineering information system incorporating ECRI-HECS, HECSLINK, and dBase.
Biomedical equipment considerations for aeromedical transports.
Cellular and metabolic engineering. An overview.
Is VXIbus for your biomedical measurement problem?
VXIbus: a modern alternative for instrumentation.
Biomedical engineering education in Europe.
Technology assessment and biomedical engineering education.
Technology assessment in healthcare: a means for pursuing the goals of biomedical engineering.
Technology evaluation in a US hospital: the role of clinical engineering.
Who, what, where, when, why and how: technology assessment in a hospital setting.
Assessment of medical technology: the role of engineers.
Do biomedical engineers have a role in healthcare technology assessment?
Non-discrete biomolecular computing: an approach to computational complexity.
Human germ-line gene therapy: new territory?
Biomedical engineering research programs in Nagoya Institute of Technology.
Biomedical Engineering Society, 25th Anniversary, 1993 annual fall meeting. Memphis, Tennessee, October 21-24, 1993. Abstracts.
Hybrid concept on the mechanical test method of small caliber blood vessel.
Control engineering for planning drug therapy.
A comparative study of the quantification of REM occurrence patterns via REM density and REM time-connectivity.
Correlation dimension of heart rate variability: a new index of human autonomic function.
How much work is expended for respiration?
Blood flow and vascular endothelial cell function.
The ethics of germ-line gene therapy: challenges to mainstream approaches by a feminist critique.
Control strategies in FNS systems for the upper extremities.
30th Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and 30th International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. Proceedings. San Antonio, Texas, April 2-3, 1993.
Reproductive autonomy and evolutionary biology: a regulatory framework for trait-selection technologies.
Cultivation of recombinant, insulin-secreting AtT-20 cells as free and entrapped spheroids.
Early detection of cell metabolism with a silicon microsensor.
Biological paradigms of molecular electronics.
Engineering of animal and human red blood cells: state of the art.
The role of an engineering oriented medical research group in developing improved methods and devices for achieving ventricular defibrillation: the University of Missouri experience.
