How much ethics is needed to be a good doctor?
Designer children: the market world of reproductive choice.
14th Southern biomedical engineering conference, Shreveport, Louisiana, April 7-9, 1995. Abstracts.
Rehabilitation engineering training for the future: influence of trends in academics, technology, and health reform.
Designing for the user.
Allocating health care morally.
Development of a compact, highly efficient, totally implantable motor-driven assist pump system.
Genetics and heavenly intervention.
Strategic asset management.
Unification of the engineering profession. A proposal by the Stage II Policy Group.
Clinical engineering: it's more than maintenance.
Neonatal ethical dilemmas examined.
Color technology in video endoscopy.
Hepatitis: protecting BMETs & CEs.
Device-related litigation & clinical engineering.
Directory of CE & biomedical organizations.
An engineer in the medical world.
Use of general purpose mechanical computer assisted engineering software in orthopaedic surgical planning: advantages and limitations.
Critical care help for Estonia and Ukraine.
Justifying and tracking BMET training.
Development of a clinical engineering knowledge-based system to facilitate departmental decision making.
In-house management of diagnostic imaging equipment.
The significance of the human genome.
Stats. Biomedical engineering offers more than in-house maintenance.
Infertility: the market, the law, and the impact.
Whose body? Whose story? The question about narrative in women's health care.
Health care and the principle of fair equality of opportunity: a report from The Netherlands.
Killing, letting die and moral perception.
Feminism, ethics and cancer.
Education of ethics committees.
Medical technology: a Pandora's box?
Genetic determinism or genetic discrimination?
Whitaker, NIH commit $2 million to cost-effective medical technologies.
Demand grows for 'positive' gene therapy.
Postmodernist theory and the physician-patient relationship.
Multi-level educational affiliations for a CE (clinical engineer) department.
Profile of a BMET (biomedical equipment technician) in small hospitals.
Regulatory, bioengineering and clinical requirements for cardiac valves: a new approach for a unique market.
Complying with the SMDA medical device tracking regulations: a clinical engineering responsibility.
Nursing research: a new frontier for biomedical engineering.
Distinguishing genetics and eugenics on the basis of fairness.
Biostereometrics a noncontact, noninvasive shape measurement technique for bioengineering applications.
Tracking jaw movement.
Finite-element method in electrical impedance tomography.
BIOESTIM: software for automatic design of estimators in bioprocess engineering.
Microstructure technologies and their potential in medical applications.
Germline gene therapy?
Tinkering with destiny: genes and cancer.
Preimplantation genetics: a case for prospective action.
National Bioethics Advisory Commission proposed charter; request for comments.
Too much, too often? Some institutions go overboard maintaining high-tech equipment.
The sex-bias myth in medicine.
Universal bioethics and the human germ-line.
Cultural and individual risk perception in human germ-line gene therapy research.
Germ-line gene therapy: it is not time for speculation on the best level for a policy approach.
Germ-line gene therapy: an exaggerated threat.
Leave the door open to research.
Germ-line gene therapy: do we need an internatioanl approach?
Germ-line angst and uncertain futures.
Genetic choices: a paradigm for prospective international ethics?
An exchange on life and death.
Does Jewish law permit genetic engineering on humans?
Design of nasoseptal cartilage replacements synthesized from biodegradable polymers and chondrocytes.
Xenografts for tendon and ligament repair.
Engineering and experimental analyses of the tensile loads applied during strength testing of direct bonded orthodontic brackets.
Gene therapy for enhancement.
Electromagnetic interference: causes and concerns in the health care environment.
Prescribing limits to life-prolonging treatment.
Mapping morality: ethics and the Human Genome Project. An interview with Arthur L. Caplan, Ph.D.
The architect and the bee: some reflections on postmortem pregnancy.
The Troubled Dream of Life,  Daniel Callahan.
Autonomous consumers.
Addressing ethical issues in biomedicine: national policy perspectives.
Focus on: Westchester County Medical Center Division of Biomedical Engineering.
Ultrasound technology: the RADIUS (Routine Antenatal Diagnostic Imaging with Ultrasound) study & national policy.
AIDS: a new frontier in epidemiology.
The roles of biomedical maintenance branch, automation management & informatics departments throughout a clinical information systems's life cycle.
Innovative ventricular assist systems.
An artificial gill system for oxygen uptake from water using perfluorooctylbromide.
Modified fabrication techniques lead to improved centrifugal blood pump performance.
Performance evaluation of implantable artificial organs by sound spectrum analysis.
A new apparatus for chronic observation of the microcirculation in situ to evaluate artificial organ performance.
A dynamic intravascular artificial lung.
Feasibility studies for a photosynthetic artificial lung. Optimization of parameters affecting photosynthesis.
Effects of blood phase oscillation on gas transfer in a microporous intravascular lung.
Development of an intra blood circuit membrane oxygenator.
The development of an implantable artificial lung.
In vitro and in vivo assessment of an intravenous axial flow pump for right heart assist.
In vivo evaluation of an intraventricular electric axial flow pump for left ventricular assistance.
The closing behavior of Medtronic Hall mechanical heart valves.
Markers of thromboembolization in a bovine ex vivo left ventricular assist device model.
Microfabricated surface designs for cell culture and diagnosis.
Microporous polymer surfaces prepared by an excimer laser ablation technique.
Fabrication of resorbable microporous intravascular stents for gene therapy applications.
Reversal of anticoagulation without protamine using a heparin removal device after cardiopulmonary bypass.
Results of the unidirectional Centri-Safe arterial valve for prevention of retrograde flow during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Small intrapulmonary artery lung prototypes: design, construction, and in vitro water testing.
Improved gas exchange performance of the intravascular oxygenator by active blood mixing.
Design and evaluation of a new, low pressure loss, implantable artificial lung.
A pumping artificial lung.
Adaptation of tissue to a chronic heat load.
Can total artificial heart animals control their TAH by themselves? One year survival of a TAH goat using a new automatic control method (1/R control).
The Baylor total artificial heart. Flow visualization studies.
Progress in Cleveland Clinic-Nimbus total artificial heart development.
Chronic in vivo evaluation of an electrohydraulic total artificial heart.
Development and clinical application of a next generation implantable echocardiography probe for monitoring cardiac function under assisted circulation after open heart surgery.
Mechanical circulatory support and heart transplantation. Pre-operative status and outcome.
Use of a left ventricular assist device in an outpatient setting.
Initial clinical experience with a wearable controller for the Novacor left ventricular assist system.
Characterization and work optimization of skeletal muscle as a VAD power source.
Myocardial tolerance to mechanical actuation is affected by biomaterial characteristics.
Endothelial cell seeding with rotation of a ventricular blood sac.
Development and evaluation of components for a totally implantable artificial heart system.
In vivo measurements of skeletal muscle in a linear configuration powering a hydraulically actuated VAD.
Summary of a workshop on mechanisms to enhance university/industry interaction in biomedical engineering.
Bioprocesses with immobilized biocatalyst-engineering aspects.
Contributions of medical engineering to advances in cardiology and cardiovascular diagnosis and therapy.
Cartographic system for spatial distribution analysis of corneal endothelial cells.
Step-length biofeedback device for walk rehabilitation.
Generation of dynamic random-element stereograms in real time with a system based on a personal computer.
Implant provision of key, pinch and power grips in a C6 tetraplegic.
Ethical issues in genetic therapy.
Engineering technology in rehabilitation of older adults.
Tissue-engineered morphogenesis of cartilage and bone by means of cell transplantation using synthetic biodegradable polymer matrices.
Ethical issues related to prenatal genetic testing. The Council on Ethical and Judicial Affairs, American Medical Association.
Detection of pulse and respiratory signals from the wrist using dry electrodes.
Computerized temperature control of the low-birth-weight infant: a 20-year retrospective and future prospects.
Development of a computerized equipment management system using an IBAX health care system platform.
Collaborative development of a patient simulator for educating nurses in hemofiltration therapies.
Clinical considerations and comparative measures of assessing curvature of the spine.
Magnetic susceptibility mapping of the human thorax using a SQUID biomagnetometer.
New International Organization for Standardization Technical Committee on application of ISO 9000 to medical devices.
Brain death and organ transplantation: cultural bases of medical technology.
Automated ventilator testing.
Genetic engineering and our humanness.
A Christian perspective on genetic engineering.
The role of the medical engineer in today's hospitals.
Engineering challenges in the applications of rDNA technology: yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
1994 survey of salaries & responsibilities for hospital biomedical/clinical engineering & technology personnel.
Focus on: Woodland Heights Medical Center, Biomedical Department.
A 1993 update on biohazards affecting clinical engineers and BMETs.
International standards for visual and auditory alarm signals for medical devices.
Noninvasive imaging and analysis of skin lesions for early detection of cutaneous malignant melanoma.
Specifying software validation and verification for a biomedical application.
Clinical engineering past experience and future strategies.
Women's issues in biomedical and clinical engineering professions. Interview by Mary Beth Hatem.
Gene therapy and genetic alteration.
Bioengineering, the integrating discipline.
Technical services for healthcare facilities: a model for developing countries.
Longitudinal study of clinical engineering departments in industrialised countries 1988 to 1991.
How (not) to think about surrogacy and other reproductive innovations.
Is there a person in that body?: an argument for the priority of persons and the need for a new legal paradigm.
Ventilating issues of life and death: the case of Helga Wanglie.
The sanctity of life seduced: a symposium on medical ethics.
A new force in biotech: tissue engineering. Understanding how mechanical force combines with cytokines and other growth factors may help shape future biotech drugs.
The coverage of happiness: when Prozac meets universal coverage.
What do we owe the elderly? Allocating social and health care resources.
Use of maintenance insurance to minimize costs.
A survey of CE/BMET attitudes.
A scientist's view of bioengineering.
Manual or automatic nulling DC offset for physiological DC amplifier.
Clinical engineering management: an annotated bibliography, 1989-1993.
BMES's involvement in consortia of scientific societies.
Testing medical equipment.
A multi-channel simultaneous data acquisition and waveform generator system designed for medical applications.
Implantable stimulator for selective stimulation of the common peroneal nerve: a preliminary report.
Shiny, happy people: the problem with "cosmetic psychopharmacology.
National and international approaches to human germ-line gene therapy.
Randomized clinical trials.
Debunking the slippery slope argument against human germ-line gene therapy.
Germ-line gene therapy: no place in treatment of genetic disease.
Densitometry: modern approaches advance an established technique.
Equipment for the large-scale electromanipulation of plant protoplasts.
Biosensors.
Profits and ethics clash in research on genetic coding.
Hardest medical choices shift to patients.
Will Clinton's plan be fair?
Reproductive revolution is jolting old views.
Brave new biocracy: health care from womb to tomb.
The invisible woman: gender bias in medical research.
Palliative care in high-tech medicine: defining the point of no return.
The long-term prognosis of pre-term infants: conceptual, methodological, and ethical issues.
Where theologians and geneticists meet.
The individual and the collective in health care: a problem of systems ethics.
Jewish bioethics and medical genetics.
Ethics consultation: cases in context.
Medical innovations and ethics: a state government perspective.
The influence of a professional organization on physician behavior.
An IRB member's perspective on access to innovative therapy.
Introductory remarks.
Medical insurance payments and patients involved in research.
Psychosocial knowledge and allopathic medicine: points of convergence and departure.
Is compromise possible? Medical and philosophical views on euthanasia.
"Ours is an engineering approach": flow cytometry and the constitution of human T-cell subsets.
Patient-specific platinum intracranial electrodes as a diagnostic tool in the surgical treatment of the epilepsies.
The role of clinical engineers in hospitals: essential or expedient?
World Congress on Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 21-26 August 1994. Abstracts. Part 2.
World Congress on Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 21-26 August 1994. Abstracts. Part 1.
Medical physics and medical engineering in the UK.
The Joint Commission's Agenda for Change: what does it mean for equipment managers?
Bioengineering and the skin: from standard error to standard operating procedure.
Altering human genes: social, ethical, and legal implications.
Near-infrared optical imaging of tissue phantoms with measurement in the change of optical path lengths.
1992 ALZA Distinguished Lecture: bioengineering and vascular biology.
Chronobioengineering toward a cost-effective quality health care.
Issues and technology to assess circadian variability of blood pressure in hypertension.
World Congress on Medical Physics and Biomedical Engineering. Proceedings. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 21-26 August 1994.
International Symposium on Advanced Bio-Materials and Engineering '93. (ISABE '93). Utsunomiya, Japan, 1-4 September 1993.
Bioengineering approach to non-invasive measurement of body composition.
Proceedings of the 31st annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the 31st International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. Manhattan, Kansas, April 22-23, 1994.
What are biomechanics and biomechanical behaviour?
Measurement of thermal diffusivity of biomaterials by focused ultrasonic beams (thermal pulse decay method by focused ultrasonic beams).
Signal processing technology transfer from engineering to heart research.
Bioengineering and the Skin. Proceedings of the 9th International Symposium. Sendai, Japan, October 19-20, 1992.
Tissue Engineering. Keystone symposium. Taos, New Mexico, February 20-26, 1994. Abstracts.
Behaviour modification by genetic intervention the law's response.
Assessing genetic technologies. Two ethical issues.
Reflections on the cost consequences of the new gene technology for health policy.
Modifications of older model nuclear magnetic resonance console for collection of multinuclear, multidimensional spectral data.
History of medical and biological ultrasound at the University of Pennsylvania.
Method for quantifying the contribution of overlying tissue to rat liver 31P-NMR spectra using the surface-coil technique.
Optimum apportionment of presentation time in visual display.
Determination of the kinematic axis point of the temporomandibular joint regardless of cyclic mandibular movement data.
Characterization of the non-linear loading curve of rat skin.
A high-resolution line sensor-based photostereometric system for measuring jaw movements in 6 degrees of freedom.
Surgical implantation of bioengineered bone marrow tissue into rats.
2nd CEC Workshop on Bioelectronics: Interfacing Biology with Electronics. Frankfurt, November 1993. Proceedings.
Introduction to bioelectronics: "interfacing biology with electronics".
