Technology, the consistent ethic and assisted suicide.
15th Southern Biomedical Engineering Conference. Dayton, Ohio, March 29-31, 1996. Abstracts.
Making human life captive to biomedical technology: Christianity and the demise of human values.
Embryos created for research purposes.
Human gene therapy and slippery slope arguments.
The thin line: gas-phase polymeric coatings.
Taking control: the Validation Master Plan.
Randomized controlled trials of innovative therapies: are they ethical?
The application of the criteria of the just war theories in the resolution of medical-ethical dilemmas at the bedside.
No to genetic engineering of humans!
Computerized maintenance management systems: how to match your department's needs with commercially available products.
Scheduled inspection of electromedical equipment. Planning and assessment.
The application of engineering and technology in the management of diabetes.
The application of an Actel field programmable gate array in the design of an ECG RR interval recorder.
Skin irritation in man: a comparative bioengineering study using improved reflectance spectroscopy.
Ethical and regulatory issues in gene therapy.
Every child a perfect child?
Designer tissues take hold.
Future scope: what will it take to manage new technology?. Interview by Karen Sandrick.
The top 10 trends in clinical engineering.
Future scope. Interview by Karen Sandrick.
Joseph Fletcher's situation ethics, once again.
The Tuskegee syphilis experiment: medical ethics, constitutionalism, and property in the body.
Tissue-engineered cartilage for implantation and grafting.
Bioethics in medically assisted conception in the Muslim world.
Public attitudes towards the selection of desirable characteristics in children.
A new experimental model for studying the response of periodontal ligament cells to hydrostatic pressure.
Prefabricated flaps: experimental and clinical review.
Fuzzy logic and medical device technology.
Working draft of the FDA GMP final rule (Part I).
Biotechnology patenting: the wicked animal must defend itself.
An improved future? Medical advances challenge thinking on living, dying and being human.
The role of appropriate medical technology procurement and user maintenance instructions in developing countries.
Airborne transmission of respiratory diseases.
Advancing biomedical engineering in developing nations: Project HOPE and the potential impact of nongovernmental organizations.
Focus on: ORBIS International Flying Eye Hospital, Department of Technical Services.
Development of a low cost microP-based blood gas monitor.
OKAS-3D: optoelectronic jaw movement recording system with six degrees of freedom.
Application of a new tactile sensor to thoracoscopic surgery: experimental and clinical study.
Wavelets in biomedical engineering.
A new clinical engineering curriculum.
The challenges and opportunities of creating an integrated global market for medical devices.
A remote method for simultaneous measurement of corneal thickness and curvature at a single point.
Group processes of decision making for hospital-based technology assessment committees.
Near-infrared spectrophotometry data collection faults due to fiberoptic failure.
Effective use of robots as mechanized couriers at Stanford University Hospital.
1995 Annual fall meeting of the Biomedical Engineering Society. Boston, Massachusetts, October 6-8, 1995. Abstracts.
Living with HUGO.
Know how to manage your service contracts. The view from a single facility.
Know how to manage your service contracts. The view from a multihospital system.
Clinical engineering helps reduce equipment costs.
Canada calls for moratorium on IVF technologies.
Patenting medical and surgical procedures.
The new genetics: facts, fictions and fears.
"Playing God" and germline intervention.
"Playing God" and invoking a perspective.
Trapping of branched DNA in microfabricated structures.
Setting limits in the dying zone: assisted suicide, scarce resources, and hard cases.
In a different voice: technology, culture, and post-modern bioethics.
Equal opportunity and genetic intervention.
"How dare you sport thus with life?": Frankensteinian fictions as case studies in scientific ethics.
A systems engineering approach to technology assessment.
Role of the Biomedical Engineering Department in William Beaumont Hospital's technology assessment process.
1995 survey of salaries & responsibilities for hospital biomedical/clinical engineering & technology personnel.
Equipment available for bioengineering of the skin.
Bioengineering and the skin: standardization.
Bioengineering in dermatology: general aspects and perspectives.
The search for standards.
Prosthetic heart valves the integration of analysis with design.
An approach to reducing hemolysis in an axial-flow blood pump.
Development of a new endotoxin sensor with intermittent injection of limulus reagent for continuous monitoring of dialysate fluid.
A gait-powered autologous battery charging system for artificial organs.
A two stage axial flow pump. New approach to reduction of hemolysis.
End organ function with prolonged nonpulsatile circulatory support.
Mechanical advantage of skeletal muscle as a cardiac assist power source.
Double chamber ventricular assist device with a roller screw linear actuator driven by left and right latissimus dorsi muscles.
A microchip glucose sensor.
In vitro characterization of a magnetically suspended continuous flow ventricular assist device.
Improvement in antithrombogenicity in a centrifugal pump with self wash-out structure for long-term use.
A magnetically suspended centrifugal pump. In vitro and in vivo assessment.
An intraventricular axial flow blood pump integrated with a bearing purge system.
Development and in vivo evaluation of an implantable left ventricular assist system with an impedance based monitoring and control system.
Heat generation and hemolysis at the shaft seal in centrifugal blood pumps.
A transcutaneous energy and information transfer system for implanted medical devices.
Development of an electrohydraulic total artificial heart at the National Cardiovascular Center, Osaka, Japan.
Progress in the development of the ABIOMED total artificial heart.
Characterization, scaling, and partial representation of neural junctions and coordinated firing patterns by dynamic similarity.
John Paul Stapp Award 1995 presented to James W. Brinkley.
Profession in crisis? Redefining clinical engineering.
"Silent" malfunction of a critical-care device caused by electromagnetic interference.
Productivity improvement in the community hospital.
Benchmark indicators for medical equipment repair and maintenance.
The battery enigma: are third-party rechargeable batteries as good as OEMs'?
Designing medical devices for conformance with harmonized standards: a case study of non-active implants.
Designing medical devices for conformance with harmonized standards. The European Community's Medical Devices Directives and their effect on the product development process.
Determination of the in situ forces and force distribution within the human anterior cruciate ligament.
Looking around: 35 years of oculomotor modeling.
Lawrence Stark, M.D., biomedical engineer.
Starkfest '94. 1st International Conference on Vision and Movement in Man and Machines. June 24-26, 1994, Berkeley, California. Proceedings.
Why is this surgeon suing?
Biomaterials in tissue engineering.
Have a heart. Tissue-engineered valves may offer a transplant alternative.
External cardiac defibrillation reply to Leo Barnes.
Current and energy in external cardiac defibrillation.
A robust transcutaneous electro-muscle stimulator (RTES): a multi-modality tool.
Two-dimensional elastic properties of human skin in terms of an incremental model at the in vivo configuration.
A virtual five-link model of the thumb.
Is stem length important in uncemented endoprostheses?
Reduction of ocular artefacts in source current density brain mappings by ARX2 filtering.
Dynamic characteristics of prosthetic heart valves.
Investigation of the arterial and venous upper arm vascular bed.
Preliminary experimental evaluation of an inverse source imaging procedure using a decoupled coil detector array in magnetic resonance imaging.
Reduction of evoked potential measurement time by a TMS320 based adaptive matched filter.
A flexible pressure pump for cardiovascular studies.
International perceptions and approval of gene therapy.
The tyranny of technology.
The goodness of fragility: on the prospect of genetic technologies aimed at the enhancement of human capacities.
Shaping priorities in genetic medicine.
Human growth hormone: a case study in treatment priorities.
Public priorities for genetic services.
Allocation of scarce resources.
Innovative communication in a biomedical engineering department.
The evolution of biomedical equipment technology.
In vivo comparison between two tip pressure transducer systems.
Blood flow velocity profiles in pulmonary branch arteries in lambs.
Flow structures at the proximal side-to-end anastomosis. Influence of geometry and flow division.
The effect of pulsatile frequency on wall shear in a compliant cast of a human aortic bifurcation.
An automated three-dimensional particle tracking technique for the study of modeled arterial flow fields.
Characterization of a sudden expansion flow chamber to study the response of endothelium to flow recirculation.
Analysis of the inverse problem of freezing and thawing of a binary solution during cryosurgical processes.
A molecular model of proteoglycan-associated electrostatic forces in cartilage mechanics.
Membrane model of endothelial cells and leukocytes. A proposal for the origin of a cortical stress.
The fibroblast-populated collagen microsphere assay of cell traction force Part 2: Measurement of the cell traction parameter.
The development of a high impedance all ceramic thermistor resistant to microwave irradiation: its possible medical application.
Development of metabolically engineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae cells for the production of lactic acid.
A new forum for clinical engineering issues.
A systematic approach to electronic troubleshooting for medical equipment.
AAMI's influence on the design of user-friendly medical devices.
Support for biomedical equipment decision making.
Medical ethics: Code of Medical Ethics: Current Opinions With Annotations.
Equipment maintenance: moving beyond insurance to self-managed programs.
MIT links biologists to engineers.
Health care rationing and disability rights.
Assessing the legal and ethical dimensions of delivering high-tech home health care.
Advance medical directives: policy perspectives and practical experiences.
High risk infants: thirty years of intensive care.
Improved late potential analysis in frequency domain.
Fading characteristics of a 2.3 GHz radio telemetry channel in a hospital building.
Non-invasive identification of gastric contractions from surface electrogastrogram using back-propagation neural networks.
A mathematical analysis of intestinal peristaltic waves.
A dynamic Fourier series for the compression of ECG using FFT and adaptive coefficient estimation.
Iterative method to derive an approximate matched filter template for fetal electrocardiogram signals.
Initial stability of uncemented hip stems: an in-vitro protocol to measure torsional interface motion.
Industrial application of immobilized biocatalysts in Japan.
Enzymes from Zymomonas mobilis and their application to glucose determination.
A new strategy for generating selenium-containing abzyme. Chemical mutation of monoclonal antibodies with substrate-binding sites.
The design, synthesis, and activity of a ribozyme that specially cleaves rat 28S rRNA.
Time course of glutamine in a culture medium during high-density culture of mouse C127 transformants.
Stereoselective microbial reduction of 2-keto-3-(N-benzoylamino)-3-phenyl propionic acid ethyl ester. Synthesis of taxol side-chain synthon.
In vitro protein biosynthesis using ribosome and foreign mRNA. An approach to construct a protein biosynthesizer.
The Catholic hospital today: mission impossible?
'A treatise on optics' by Giovanni Christoforo Bolantio.
Focus on: Washington Hospital Center, Biomedical Engineering Department.
CAD/CAM/CAE in the medical engineering lab.
Clinical information systems: considerations in selecting the hospital department with primary responsibility.
Managing assertively: specific tactics for clinical engineering managers.
Joint Commission update: equipment management in the environment of care.
Arrhythmia recognition strategies and hardware decisions for the implantable cardioverter-defibrillator a review.
Deceleration vs. acceleration: a haemodynamic parameter in the assessment of vascular reactivity. A preliminary study.
An examination of procedures for determining body segment attitude and position from noisy biomechanical data.
Real time microcontroller implementation of an adaptive myoelectric filter.
Dynamic performance model of an isometric muscle-joint unit.
A regression model of ultrasound reflectivity from normal myocardium.
A mathematical model of flow through the terminal lymphatics.
Three-dimensional finite element modelling of non-invasively assessed trabecular bone structures.
Four channel foetal ECG data collection system.
A multi-sample denaturation temperature tester for collagenous biomaterials.
An intramedullary aligned bone cutting jig for elbow replacement.
An empirical technique to compensate for melanin when monitoring skin microcirculation using reflectance spectrophotometry.
Engineering of cartilage tissue using bioresorbable polymer fleeces and perfusion culture.
1994 Whitaker Lecture: polymers for drug delivery and tissue engineering.
Bio-chromatography and bio-engineering. Vth symposium of the European Society for Bio-chromatography. May 17-19, 1994, Nancy, France. Proceedings.
The emerging federalism of U.S. biotechnology policy.
Of patents and patients: new monopolies in medical methods.
Engineering principles of mechanical stimulation of the middle ear.
Current status and future of implantable electromagnetic hearing aids.
Can human genetic enhancement be prohibited?
Preventive ethics, professional integrity, and boundary setting: the clinical management of moral uncertainty.
The importance of accurate terminology in the field of human gene transfer.
The dangers of discovery.
The status of the human genome.
Medical, ethical and legal aspects of somatic gene therapy.
Gene therapy in mental retardation: ethical considerations.
Liver transplantation and alcoholic patients: when is it justified to just say no?
Spirituality in health-care reform.
The health care proxy and the narrative of death.
Physicians and surgeons as inventors: reconciling medical process patents and medical ethics.
Reconciling property law with advances in reproductive science.
Ethical issues in discharge planning for vulnerable infants and children.
Eugenics returns.
Not compassion alone: on euthanasia and ethics   interview with Hans Jonas.
The new gene technology and the difference between getting rid of illness and altering people.
Of genes, embryos, human individuals and future persons.
Designing babies: morally permissible ways to modify the human genome.
Using bioengineering as a tool for dental case planning.
The spectrum of irritancy and application of bioengineering techniques.
Food and drug administration regulations and computer-controlled infusion pumps.
Study of the tensile properties of living skin equivalents.
Influence of the test area on the mechanical properties of skin.
Genetics and ethics.
Engineering the right membranes for electrodes at the biological interface; solvent cast and electropolymerised.
From neural chip and engineered biomolecules to bioelectronic devices: an overview.
Cost-savings case study: clinical engineering management maintenance of sterilizers and operating room and procedure tables.
Benchmarking hospital-based technical services. Interview by John Hanpeter.
A quantitative technique for reporting surface degradation patterns of UHMWPE components of retrieved total knee replacements.
Effectiveness of cleaning surgical implants: quantitative analysis of contaminant removal.
Keeping 'body' and 'soul' together.
Stress stabilisation behaviours in skin under small tensile loads in vitro.
The effects of noise and errors in heart size on numerical techniques for the inverse problem of electrocardiography.
The mobility analog for modeling the intra-arterial pressure wave parameters.
Techniques in anthropometry applied to disabled and elderly populations.
Development of an inexpensive environmental remote control system for a quadriplegic individual.
Synthesis, analysis, and optimization of cam-link prosthetic knee mechanism.
Enumeration of human knee prostheses an overview.
Inexpensive complex hand model.
Modeling and optimising dextrose fermentation using a fluorosensor.
DSP based enhanced data acquisition system.
The evolution of the implanted pacemaker's window to the world.
Non-invasive approach for body composition measurement: differential buoyancy method and correction for water loss.
32nd Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium (RMBS). Copper Mountain, Colorado, April 7-9, 1995. Proceedings.
Should we hold the (germ) line?
Dethroning choice: analogy, personhood, and the new reproductive technologies.
Comparative analysis of power-line interference between two- or three-electrode biopotential amplifiers.
Report from the World Congress on medical physics and biomedical engineering.
Germ-line therapy to cure mitochondrial disease: protocol and ethics of in vitro ovum nuclear transplantation.
Quantum and biological computation.
