Prenatal genetic screening: the enigma of selective abortion.
PRONET services for distance learning in mammographic image processing.
BEAM@Net: telematic services for clinical engineers and medical physicists.
Colin McLaurin a tribute to a quiet giant.
Everest and Jennings Distinguished Lecture. Continue to be good. Aspire to be great.
The voice of the customer: consumers define the ideal battery charger.
Use of the virtual instrumentation laboratory for the assessment of human factors in surgery and anesthesia.
The tradeoffs of successful simulation.
Ultrasonic wave propagation in porous media: determination of acoustic parameters and high frequency limit of the classical models.
Educating the rehabilitation engineer as a service provider.
High school teaching of bioethics in New Zealand, Australia and Japan.
Death: a persistent controversial state.
Dermatological engineering.
Death in technological time: locating the end of meaningful life.
The patient's vocation:  Christian responses to bioethics.
Decision-making by default: experiences of physicians and nurses with dying patients in intensive care.
Death with dignity: a Roman Catholic perspective.
Protecting the immunocompromised patient: the role of the hospital clinical engineer.
Health technology assessment and the NHS R&D initiative.
Steam sterilization.
BMETs in equipment repair depots: does the need remain?
The future of clinical engineering practice: ACCE's Vision 2000.
Consolidation and downsizing: a new paradigm for clinical engineering.
Porous hydroxyapatite reinforced with collagen protein.
Tissue-engineered heart valves. Autologous valve leaflet replacement study in a lamb model.
In search of the perfect child: genetic testing and selective abortion.
Fit to equip? You've just ordered the latest million-dollar clinical contraption. Now what?
Communitarian bioethics: a pious hope?
A reply to Joseph Bernstein.
The artificial womb is born.
Making a machine instrumental: RCA and the wartime origins of biological electron microscopy in America, 1940-1945.
Exploring the international role of clinical engineers. Part II.. Interview by Joe Dyro.
Recent progress in engineering the Pittsburgh intravenous membrane oxygenator.
Biomedical Engineering Society 1996 annual fall meeting. University Park, Pennsylvania, October 3-6, 1996. Abstracts.
Norms for patents concerning human and other life forms.
High-efficiency shock-wave generator for extracorporeal lithotripsy.
Development of an integrated artificial heart-lung device for long-term cardiopulmonary support.
A single pulsatile pump for total biventricular cardiac support using patient lung ventilation.
Development of a new blood pump using a shape memory alloy actuator.
Reconstruction of loads in the fibrosa and ventricularis of porcine aortic valves.
Computational simulation of flow in the end-to-end anastomosis of a rigid graft and a compliant artery.
Validation study of a new transit time ultrasonic flow probe for continuous great vessel measurements.
Development of a high permeability cored transintegumental power transformer.
Pulsatile operation of a centrifugal ventricular assist device with magnetic bearings.
New design for a pumping artificial lung.
Acute in vivo studies of the Pittsburgh intravenous membrane oxygenator.
Development of a precise controller for an electrohydraulic total artificial heart. Improvement of the motor's dynamic response.
Transient pressure signals in mechanical heart valve cavitation.
Ferromagnetic artificial cells for artificial circulation.
Progressive pressure expansion in skeletal muscle ventricle conditioning.
A design improvement strategy for axial blood pumps using computational fluid dynamics.
EEG spectral topography in neurology: II. A new system and a theoretical comparison of interpolation techniques.
EEG spectral topography in neurology: I. A review of techniques.
Ethical issues of perinatal human gene therapy.
Data recovery from reduced electrode connection in electrical impedance tomography.
The development of the Port-a-Bidet: a portable bidet for people with minimal hand function.
A minimal parametric model of the femur to describe axial elastic strain in response to loads.
A new in vitro measurement technique for small three-dimensional joint motion and its application to the sacroiliac joint.
Dynamic analysis and geometry models for the design of bi-leaflet prosthetic mechanical heart valves.
The integrated design of mechanical bi-leaflet prosthetic heart valves.
Modelling nanoscale fluid dynamics and transport in physiological flows.
Tangled lifeline.
Genetic engineering of immunotoxins.
Tissue engineering.
Perspectives on the future of clinical engineering. Consolidations, outsourcing, and opportunities the new paradigm.
Teach your technicians to share (their expertise).
Statutory and ethical barriers in the patenting of medical and surgical procedures.
Do no harm.
Germ-line genetic engineering and moral diversity: moral controversies in a post-Christian world.
Biotechnology and the utilitarian argument for patents.
Coming soon to the "genetic supermarket" near you.
Can chaos theory be used to increase preventive maintenance effectiveness?
Biomedical engineering education in Canada, 1996.
Technical note: Rationale, development, use and evaluation of an equipment management and image storage system.
Developing an in-house software system for medical equipment inventory management.
1996 survey of salaries & responsibilities for hospital biomedical/clinical engineering & technology personnel.
Accreditation & clinical engineering.
In-shoe biaxial shear force measurement: the Kent shear system.
Multistep pressure platform as a stand-alone system for gait assessment.
Auditing for compliance with quality systems requirements: the prospects for harmonization.
Simulator training in anesthesiology: an answer?
Application of the Deming management method to equipment-inspection processes.
Tissue engineered bone-regeneration using degradable polymers: the formation of mineralized matrices.
Periodontal tissue engineering by growth factors.
A comparative analysis of various EMG pattern recognition methods.
Monitoring of heart and respiratory rates by photoplethysmography using a digital filtering technique.
Model prediction of vibration effects on human subject seated on various cushions.
Mechanical testing of isolated senile human eye lens nuclei.
Biomedical equipment and medical services in India.
Technology assessment and equipment management: a practical approach to cost reduction.
Genetic selection of offspring characteristics.
Linear hydraulic pressure-pulse actuator (LHPA): a versatile instrument that produces a simulated blood pressure pulse wave for small sized vessels.
Femoral shaft reconstruction using tissue-engineered growth of bone.
Spectral analysis of an acoustic respiratory signal with a view to developing an apnoea monitor.
An engineer's perspective.
Comparative testing of pulsatile impeller total heart and sarns nonpulsatile roller as biventricular assist device in pigs.
Development of a home ankle exerciser.
Glucose monitoring: state of the art and future possibilities.
Conduit-mounted cardiac valve prostheses: a review of their uses, design and in vivo performance.
The fourth scientific revolution.
Calling scientific ideology to account.
Independent commercial IRBs.
Development of a clinical internship program.
There's no such thing as "safe equipment".
New standard for medical equipment management programs.
Electromagnetic interference testing of somatosensory and near-infrared devices used in the microgravity and hospital environments.
Service documentation and the biomedical engineer: results of a survey.
Requiem or renaissance for the law reform commission of Canada?
Should we patent God's creation?
Emerging technologies and medical coverage.
Negative eugenics and ethical decisions.
A case of futility or patient autonomy.
Patient actuation of PCA.
Surface engineering: optimization of antigen presentation in self-assembled monolayers.
Cellular engineering prospects for sensing and processing.
Genetic testing and early diagnosis and intervention: boon or burden?
A numerical model of an intensive care ventilator-humidifier system.
Clarification of the mechanical behaviour of spinal motion segments through a three-dimensional poroelastic mixed finite element model.
Frictional action at lower limb/prosthetic socket interface.
An integrated approach to Smart House technology for people with disabilities.
Integrating assistive technologies: current practices and future possibilities.
Providing rehabilitation integrated systems using existing rehabilitation technology.
From SAW to Comspec.
Clinical laboratories are laboratories for re-engineering.
Drawing the line on genetic intervention in humans.
Quality in management of biomedical equipment.
Why bad things happen to good clinical engineers.
Bone morphogenetic proteins and tissue engineering.
Determination of the proximity tolerance for measurement of surface contact areas using a magnetic tracking device.
In vitro testing of a left ventricular assist device. Study of the effect of its control strategy on energetic relationships inside the left ventricle.
The inferior boundary condition of a continuous cantilever beam model of the human spine.
Monitoring surface shape variations on the human body.
Experimental determination of the effective point of measurement of a parallel-plate ionisation chamber.
Patient monitoring system for load measurement with spinal fixation devices.
A fluid dynamics study of the Trac catheter.
Design of an FECG scalp electrode fetal heart rate monitor.
Fixation of femoral allograft/prosthesis composites after 25%, 50% and 75% resection.
Vaginal temperature sensing using UHF radio telemetry.
A non-invasive continuous method of measuring blood volume during haemodialysis using optical techniques.
Should clinical engineering departments charge for their services?
Engineers in clinical engineering: does the need remain?
IEEE standards for physical and data communications.
Total quality in biomedical technician training. University of Michigan Quality Improvement Teams.
Confronting the angel of death.
Legal and ethical challenges in gene therapy.
An engineering challenge: incontinence.
Germline gene therapy: its time is near.
Sensing platform for acoustic startle responses from rat forelimbs and hindlimbs.
John E. Abele. Interview by Karen Sandrick.
Interfering with nature.
Should patenting of surgical procedures and other medical techniques by physicians be banned?
Sophie's choices: medical and legal responses to suffering.
Medical technology transfer and physician-patient conversation.
Destructuring disability: rationing of health care and unfair discrimination against the sick.
Bioethics and public policy: will liberal nihilism be our future?
Pathways to immortality in the new millenium: human responsibility, theological direction, or legal mandate.
Paying physicians more to do less: financial incentives to limit care.
Judaism.
The Hippocratic example of the neutrality and universality of medicine.
Technology and human dignity.
Images of death and dying in the intensive care unit.
Experiment Perilous: forty-five years as a participant observer of patient-oriented clinical research.
The special health care needs of the elderly.
The changing environment for technological innovation in health care.
Problems, perils, precautions and rewards in overseas clinical engineering training.
Clinical engineering in South Africa.
Thermomechanical analysis of shape memory devices.
NIH's John Watson battles bureaucracy for research.
Safety management: expanding the role of clinical engineers.
Response to "Germ-line therapy to cure mitochondrial disease: protocol and ethics of in vitro ovum nuclear transplantation" by Donald S. Rubenstein, David C. Thomasma, Eric A. Schon, and Michael J. Zinaman (CQ Vol 4, No 3)
Computation of neuromagnetic fields using finite-element method and Biot-Savart law.
Descriptive multidimensional statistical methods for analysing signals in a multifactorial biomedical database.
The future of clinical engineering is "appropriate".
Rwanda: hope and healing for a nation in post-traumatic shock.
How to prepare for the biomedical equipment technician certification exam.
Investigation of video techniques for dynamic measurements of relative vertebral-body motion in vitro.
A glucose biosensor based on an oxygen electrode: in-vitro performances in model buffer solution and in blood plasma.
Automated in-vivo measurement of quasi-static lung compliance in the rat.
Development of a continuing education program for biomedical engineering technicians.
Measuring quality and continuous improvement in a biomedical engineering department.
Risk-oriented maintenance.
Capital equipment support: a new era in technical service.
Peripheral blood progenitor cell transplantation: where do we stand? Chairman's Summary of the European School of Oncology Task Force meeting Peripheral Blood progenitor cell's held September 29-30, 1995.
Empirical modeling for oxygen transport processes and related physiological and bioprocess systems.
Sensitivity of femoral strain pattern analyses to resultant and muscle forces at the hip joint.
Haematological variations of experimental pigs during biventricular assistance with impeller total heart.
Pulsatile impeller heart: a viable alternative to a problematic diaphragm heart.
Real time frequency domain fibreoptic temperature sensor using ruby crystals.
Separation of cardiac conduction system and atrial activities by spatial regression.
A transputer-based physiological signal processing system. Part 2 System testing and investigation of flow through models of very small arterial stenoses.
Accuracy of telemetry signals in the post-implantation monitoring of electrograms sensed by pacemakers.
Neural network analysis of the EMG interference pattern.
A review of parametric modelling techniques for EEG analysis.
Nanocontrollers for biomedical applications.
Technical papers composing the proceedings of the 33rd Annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the 33rd International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. Colorado Springs, Colorado, April 12-13, 1996.
A major Italian force in the ENT diagnostic field and in hearing rehabilitation.
