Neural networks for signal processing applications: ECG classification.
Whitaker Foundation funds genome-related research.
Gerontechnology in higher engineering education.
Biomedical Engineering Society annual fall meeting. San Diego, California, October 2-5, 1997. Abstracts.
A capillary method to measure water transmission through polyurethane membranes.
Model for a one-step plasma treatment device: feasibility of cholesterol removal.
Power spectrum analysis of human femoral rotations during gait.
The reengineering of clinical engineering.
Progress in the development of a transcutaneously powered axial flow blood pump ventricular assist system.
Establishing a protocol to quantify leaflet fibroblast responses to physiologic flow through a viable heart valve.
Clinical evaluation of the HeartPak. A new pneumatic portable driver for use with the HeartMate Implantable Pneumatic Left Ventricular Assist System.
A computer simulation study of isometric contraction of latissimus dorsi muscle used for cardiac assistance.
Flow analysis of the Cleveland Clinic centrifugal pump.
Blood flow analysis for the secondary impeller of an IVAS heart pump.
Tissue engineering of skeletal muscle. Highly dense, highly oriented hybrid muscular tissues biomimicking native tissues.
Development of a low flow resistance intravenous oxygenator.
Design of an oxygenator with enhanced gas transfer efficiency.
A new method for quantitation of platelet microthrombi and microemboli from cardiopulmonary bypass in organs using 111In labeled platelets.
An implantable centrifugal blood pump for long term circulatory support.
Method of noninvasive and continuous hemolysis/thrombogenesis measurement by laser photometry during artificial heart development.
Characteristics of mixed venous oxygen saturation and physical activity as parameters for artificial heart control.
A solar cell system for extension of battery run time in a moving actuator total artificial heart.
In vivo studies of an implantable energy convertor for skeletal muscle powered cardiac assist.
Establishment of flow estimation for an implantable centrifugal blood pump.
Power generation from four skeletal muscle configurations. Design implications for a muscle powered cardiac assist device.
Development of a custom designed TAH using rapid prototyping.
Condition monitoring of rotary blood pumps.
Fluid dynamic characteristics of monopivot magnetic suspension blood pumps.
Portable pneumatic biventricular driver for the Thoratec ventricular assist device.
Development of a 6 x 18 inch rheology tunnel for experimental fluid dynamics investigation.
In vitro and in vivo evaluation of a left-right balancing capacity of an interatrial shunt in an electrohydraulic total artificial heart system.
Design of a DSP controller for an innovative ventricular assist system.
Selection and evaluation of blood- and tribologically compatible journal bearing materials.
Magnetic suspension controls for a new continuous flow ventricular assist device.
In vitro and in vivo heat dissipation of an electrohydraulic totally implantable artificial heart.
Intelligent Li ion battery management based on a digital signal processor for a moving actuator total artificial heart.
Heat from an implanted power source is mainly dissipated by blood perfusion.
In vivo and in vitro evaluation of the pulsatile mode of a magnetically suspended centrifugal pump.
The cool seal system: a practical solution to the shaft seal problem and heat related complications with implantable rotary blood pumps.
Continued development of the Nimbus/University of Pittsburgh (UOP) axial flow left ventricular assist system.
Analysis of a new PM motor design for a rotary dynamic blood Pump.
The analysis, design, and testing of a blood lubricated hydrodynamic journal bearing.
Control of the pressure flow relationship with a magnetically suspended centrifugal pump in a chronic animal experiment.
Coupling of skeletal muscle to a prosthesis for circulatory support.
Comparison of the closing dynamics of mechanical prosthetic heart valves.
Hydrodynamics of a long-body bileaflet mechanical heart valve.
Dynamic characterization of a new accelerated heart valve tester.
From science fiction to ethics quandary.
Engineering a concept: the creation of tissue engineering.
Theoretical study of the effects of tooth and implant mobility differences on occlusal force transmission in tooth/implant-supported partial prostheses.
Maternal and foetal ECG separation using blind source separation methods.
Tracking the historical development of biomedical engineering: the 1960s and 1970s.
Health care.
Growing a new field.
Economic considerations for device design and development.
Polypeptide growth factors: targeted delivery systems.
Estimation of blood flow heterogeneity distribution in human skeletal muscle from positron emission tomography data.
Can cardiac catheterization accurately assess the severity of aortic stenosis? An in vitro pulsatile flow study.
A hypothesis regarding vascular acoustic emission accompanying arterial injury induced by balloon angioplasty.
Stress reduction by geometric compliance matching at vascular graft anastomoses.
The paired-pulse index: a measure of hippocampal dentate granule cell modulation.
Countercurrent extraction of sparingly soluble gases for membrane introduction mass spectrometry.
Detection and deletion of motion artifacts in electrogastrogram using feature analysis and neural networks.
Coil optimization for magnetic brain stimulation.
Whole-body vibration in the skeleton: development of a resonance-based testing device.
Modeling energy expenditure associated with isometric, concentric, and eccentric muscle action at the knee.
Parameter estimation in distributed models of blood-tissue exchange: a Monte Carlo strategy to assess precision.
Generalized eigenvector algorithm for nonlinear system identification with non-white inputs.
Application of fast orthogonal search to linear and nonlinear stochastic systems.
Effects of the tissue-bath interface on the induced transmembrane potential: a modeling study in cardiac stimulation.
Simulations of postvagal tachycardia at the single cell pacemaker level: a new hypothesis.
Recurrent wavefront morphologies: a method for quantifying the complexity of epicardial activation patterns.
A quantitative framework for analyzing epicardial activation patterns during ventricular fibrillation.
Synthesis of alpha-gal epitopes on influenza virus vaccines, by recombinant alpha 1,3galactosyltransferase, enables the formation of immune complexes with the natural anti-Gal antibody.
Listening for prophetic voices in medicine.
Court ruling highlights a burden of faith: rejection of assisted suicide puts focus on care for the dying.
Natural ways are better: adolescents and the "anti-obesity gene.
The clone age.
Public preferences for health care: prioritisation in the United Kingdom.
Intensive care ethics in evolution.
Transporting values by technology transfer.
Was the UK collaborative ECMO trial ethical?
Directory of CE and biomedical organizations.
Establishment of a clinical engineering department in a Venezuelan national reference hospital.
1997 survey of salaries & responsibilities for hospital biomedical clinical engineering & technology personnel.
Computerized mechanical validation of custom-made stems.
Edlich drive: a metaphor for the Edlich tradition.
Technology acquisition strategies for clinical engineering.
Thinking twice about "tissue engineering".
The modulation transfer function. A simplified procedure for computer-aided quality evaluation in mammography.
Acoustic analysis of pathological voices. A voice analysis system for the screening of laryngeal diseases.
3-D imaging and stereotactic radiosurgery.
A new approach to medical image reconstruction.
Detecting myocardial ischemia with 2-D spectrum analysis of VCG signals.
Extraction of 40 Hz EEG bursts for chaos analysis of brain function.
Compression of ECG data by vector quantization.
Modeling and decomposition of HRV signals with wavelet transforms.
Dynamics of complex systems.
Whitaker Lecture 1996: microcirculation, biomedical engineering, and artificial blood.
Genetic engineering: moral aspects and control of practice.
Presentation on ethical issues associated with in utero gene therapy.
Management maestro. New software for health facilities can help bring harmony to all operations.
The wisdom of repugnance: why we should ban the cloning of humans.
FIGO News. Report of the FIGO Committee for the Study of Ethical Aspects of Human Reproduction. International Federation of Gynecologists and Obstetrics.
Applying fuzzy logic to control cycling movement induced by functional electrical stimulation.
A low-cost instrumented glove for monitoring forces during object manipulation.
A system for converting print into braille.
Biomedical applications of nanotechnology implications for drug targeting and gene therapy.
Push for royalties threatens use of Down syndrome test.
Autonomy and physician-assisted suicide.
High-tech boosts costs of clinical engineering.
Richard Skalak 1923-1997.
Low-frequency ultrasonic velocity measurements in human calcaneal trabecular bone.
Clinical engineering cannot do benchmarking.
International standards: a smaller (and easier) world.
Current health care trends and their impact on clinical engineering.
Cleaning techniques for medical devices: biofilms.
Medical device reprocessing: research and practice.
HMOs and medical technology.
A small portable proton exchange membrane fuel cell and hydrogen generator for medical applications.
The AIMBE President's session: medical device innovation and the public interest.
The characterization of broadband ultrasound attenuation and fractal analysis by biomechanical properties.
Evaluating technology service options.
The birth of bioethics: the origins and evolution of a demi-discipline.
Clinical engineers: a vanishing hospital resource.
Ag/AgCl/Cl- coated silver-stripe reference electrode.
A data-logging system to monitor bone fracture movement continuously.
A comparison of ECG cancellation techniques applied to the surface recording of somatosensory evoked potentials.
Clinical assessment of the low-cost VariCom isokinetic knee exerciser.
A high-speed gated baseline restorer and its implementation in a blood cell volume analyser.
Society and the not-so-new genetics: what are we afraid of? Some future predictions from a social scientist.
Can enhancement be distinguished from prevention in genetic medicine?
Bioethics, metaphysical involvements, and biomedical practice.
Altering humans the case for and against human gene therapy.
To care for the dying.
Human cloning? Don't just say no.
Ban cloning? Not a chance.
Whose right to die?
A Just Share: Justice and Fairness in Resource Allocation.
Future health, future choices.
FDA sets safety framework for cell and tissue therapies: rules would cover attempted human cloning.
Compression guidelines for diagnostic telepathology.
A nurse rostering system using constraint programming and redundant modeling.
A direct multi-volume rendering method aiming at comparisons of 3-D images and models.
Programmable ultrasound imaging using multimedia technologies: a next-generation ultrasound machine.
Biomedical information technology: medicine and health care in the digital future.
A scoliosis correction device based on memory metal.
A dual coordinate system finite difference method for forward and inverse solutions of the volume conductor problem in neurology.
Liquid ventilation: a mathematical model of gas diffusion in the premature lung.
Spatial resolution in plantar pressure measurement.
A multivariate time-variant AR method for the analysis of heart rate and arterial blood pressure.
Germ warfare.
Simple self-tuned notch filter in a bio-potential amplifier.
Parenting in an era of genetics.
Potential for use of a House of Quality Matrix technique in rehabilitation engineering.
Assembling medical devices: the essential steps for success.
On the limits of enhancement in human gene transfer: drawing the line.
The management of instability and incompleteness: clinical ethics and abstract expressionism.
The evolving health-care environment: new arguments for closer collaboration between cardiac surgical intensive-care nurses and clinical engineers.
The clonal child: procreative liberty and asexual reproduction.
Ensuring a good death.
Patients v. patents?: policy implications of recent patent legislation.
The human embryo/fetus and genetics.
The conceptual foundations of the ethical evaluation of gene therapy.
The rhetoric and counter-rhetoric of a "bionic" technology.
Directory of CE & biomedical organizations.
Technical papers composing the proceedings of the 34th annual Rocky Mountain Bioengineering Symposium and the 34th International ISA Biomedical Sciences Instrumentation Symposium. Dayton, Ohio, USA.April 11-13, 1997.
The World Wide Web a new tool for biomedical engineering education.
The materials specialists education and features of biomaterials study and analysis.
A WEB based approach in biomedical engineering design education.
Microfilters for biomedicine obtained by swift ion processing.
Microscopical imaging of hydroxyapatite/mica composite and packed hydroxyapatite structure an atomic force microscopy investigation.
A cell-based immunobiosensor with engineered molecular recognition Part III: Engineering molecular recognition.
Biomedical ethics and the biomedical engineer: a review.
Ethical consciousness in bioengineering.
Professions, professional ethics, and bioengineering.
Man-machine interfaces in computer assisted surgery.
Technological aspects of minimal access surgery.
A cell-based immunobiosensor with engineered molecular recognition Part I: Design feasibility.
Tissue engineering, morphogenesis, and regeneration of the periodontal tissues by bone morphogenetic proteins.
Preliminary experience with medical applications of rapid prototyping by selective laser sintering.
Automatic location of vertebrae in digitized videofluoroscopic images of the lumbar spine.
Reproducibility of techniques using Archimedes' principle in measuring cancellous bone volume.
Comparison between two techniques for modeling interface conditions in a porous coated hip endoprosthesis.
Force, velocity and energy dynamics of nine load-moving muscles.
Analytical study on the kinematic and dynamic behaviors of a knee joint.
Two artificial neural systems for generation of gait swing by means of neuromuscular electrical stimulation.
Parallel principal component neural networks for classification of event-related potential waveforms.
An instrument for the non-invasive objective assessment of velar function during speech.
Development and evaluation of an inexpensive sensor system for use in measuring relative finger positions.
Medical equipment planning.
Strengthening bioengineering research: the public policy challenge.
"Planned parenthood".
Electrical dental pulp testing. Defining parameters for proper instrumentation.
The Supreme Court rules on medical device liability or does it?
Using wavelet transforms for ECG characterization. An on-line digital signal processing system.
Medical flow measurement with drop counters. Methods for improving accuracy.
Applying time-frequency analysis to seizure EEG activity.
Bispectrum analysis of visually evoked potentials.
Pressure wave propagation in arteries. A model with radial dilatation for simulating the behavior of a real artery.
Real-time visual servoing for laparoscopic surgery. Controlling robot motion with color image segmentation.
Making the graduate school choice.
Improved differentiation of renal tubular epithelium in vitro: potential for tissue engineering.
Applications of quantum mechanics in biomedical technology.
Engineers in clinical engineering: does the need remain?
Validity and clinical engineering indicators.
Validating medical equipment repair and maintenance metrics: a progress report.
The future of imaging support by clinical engineering departments. Interview by John Hughes.
Nanotechnology for biomaterials engineering: structural characterization of amphiphilic polymeric nanoparticles by 1H NMR spectroscopy.
Using automated continual performance assessment to improve health care.
Anaesthesia technology: friend and foe.
The calcar femorale: a tale of historical neglect.
