Biomedical Engineering Society annual fall meeting. Cleveland, Ohio, USA. 10-13 October 1998. Abstracts.
Prevention of focal intimal hyperplasia in rat vein grafts by using a tissue engineering approach.
Cell therapy and tissue engineering for renal replacement therapy.
Academic orthopaedics: a discipline at risk.
Isolation of human osteoblast-like cells and in vitro amplification for tissue engineering.
Computational analysis of flow in a curved tube model of the coronary arteries: effects of time-varying curvature.
Alpha4beta1 and alpha5beta1 control cell migration on fibronectin by differentially regulating cell speed and motile cell phenotype.
Effect of the signal measured from the glottis on determination of the vocal tract shape.
Continuous wavelet analysis as an aid in the representation and interpretation of electrogastrographic signals.
Quantification analysis for saccadic eye movements.
Recording properties and biocompatibility of chronically implanted polymer-based intrafascicular electrodes.
Enhancement of O2 and CO2 transfer through microporous hollow fibers by pressure cycling.
Design of a novel apparatus to study nitric oxide (NO) inhibition of platelet adhesion.
Simulated epicardial potential maps during paced activation reflect myocardial fibrous structure.
Quantitative characterization of epicardial wave fronts during regional ischemia and elevated extracellular potassium ion concentration.
Endocardial potential mapping from a noncontact nonexpandable catheter: a feasibility study.
Dynamic thermography: analysis of hand temperature during exercise.
Finite element modeling of three-dimensional pulsatile flow in the abdominal aorta: relevance to atherosclerosis.
Noninvasive measurement of the human brachial artery pressure-area relation in collapse and hypertension.
Effects of radial wall motion and flow waveform on the wall shear rate distribution in the divergent vascular graft.
Influence of gravity on cardiac performance.
Accounting for the heterogeneity of capillary transit times in modeling multiple indicator dilution data.
The Microcirculation Physiome Project.
Tissue engineering for skin: an update.
Human cloning.
A membrane-based displacement flow immunoassay.
Voluntary guidance for the development of tissue-engineered products.
An economic survey of the emerging tissue engineering industry.
Bioengineering in the Millennium, National Institute of Health Symposium, Bioengineering: Building the Future of Biology and Medicine.
Lymphocyte fractionation using immunomagnetic colloid and a dipole magnet flow cell sorter.
Making an engineering ethics video: engineering, ethical education, and adult learning.
Spatially controlled cell engineering on biodegradable polymer surfaces.
Learning to think like a user: using cognitive task analysis to meet today's health care design challenges.
How signal frequency influences amplifier gain.
Three rules for successfully merging clinical engineering departments.
FDA use of international standards in the premarket review process.
Cochlear implants.
ECG boy: low-cost medical instrumentation using mass-produced, hand-held entertainment computers. A preliminary report.
The EndoTester: a "virtual instrumentation" evaluation system for fiberoptic endoscopes.
Medical device use by nurses: a review of published nursing literature.
Non-invasive estimation of human left ventricular end-diastolic pressure.
Temporal variation of applied inter fragmentary displacement at a bone fracture in harmony with maturation of the fracture callus.
A new dynamic renal phantom and its application to scintigraphic studies for pixel basis functional radionuclide imaging.
Variability of the planarity of the human aortic bifurcation.
Virtual artificial sensor technique for functional electrical stimulation.
Phase analysis in high-frequency oscillation.
Thermographic imaging in the beating heart: a method for coronary flow estimation based on a heat transfer model.
Acoustic analysis of newborn infant cry signals.
Evaluation of dual-tip micromanometers during 21-day implantation in goats.
Ethical aspects of vaccines and vaccination.
Volume-preserving smoothing of three-dimensional surfaces: application to intravascular ultrasound.
Multigrid solution of the potential field in modeling electrical nerve stimulation.
Orthopaedic applications for PLA-PGA biodegradable polymers.
Tissue engineering and the development of Apligraf, a human skin equivalent.
Culturing periosteum in vitro: the influence of different sizes of explants.
Muscular tissue engineering: capillary-incorporated hybrid muscular tissues in vivo tissue culture.
Neural tissue engineering: adrenal chromaffin cell attachment and viability on chitosan scaffolds.
Some reasons to be concerned about genetic enhancements.
Enhancement technology, ethics, and public policy.
In Haughton's footsteps: mathematical insights into bioengineering and rehabilitation.
Bioengineering in the millennium.
Time to publication: status.
Reproducibility of techniques using Archimedes' principle in measuring cancellous bone volume by L. Zou, R. D. Bloebaum and K. N. Bachus.
Electric field stimulation of excitable tissue.
High-resolution source imaging of brain electrical activity.
EEG dipole source localization.
Neocortical dynamics of macroscopic-scale EEG measurements.
Theory and applications of body-surface Laplacian ECG mapping.
The forward and inverse problems of electrocardiography.
Bioelectricity of living tissue.
Inexpensive motion detectors for quantification of animal activity.
Tissue engineering of heart valves human endothelial cell seeding of detergent acellularized porcine valves.
Permanent skin replacement using engineered epidermis containing fewer than 5% syngeneic keratinocytes.
Computer assisted orthopaedic surgery. Image guided and robotic assistive technologies.
Design, control, and characterization of a Sliding Linear Investigative Platform for Analyzing Lower Limb Stability (SLIP-FALLS).
Engineering the healing of the rabbit medial collateral ligament.
Proper statistical analysis of transepidermal water loss (TEWL) measurements in bioengineering studies.
A versatile multichannel biotelemetry system.
Mapping acupuncture points using multi channel device.
1998 winner of Lemelson-MIT $500,000 prize for American innovation.
Reengineering clinical engineering.
Implantable cardiac assist devices.
Electroventilation a missed opportunity?
A potentially powerful new tool for noninvasive diagnosis of cardiac abnormalities: the CUPID system for analysis of electrocardiograms in the frequency domain.
Safety investigation: interaction of infant radiant warmers and bilirubin phototherapy lights in the regulation of temperature of newborn infants.
Interventions in the human genome: some moral and ethical considerations.
A fast responding combined direct and indirect calorimeter for human subjects.
Three-dimensional finite element analysis of thermal shock in a premolar with a composite resin MOD restoration.
Codman's paradox of the arm rotations is not a paradox: mathematical validation.
Pressure variation under the ischial tuberosity during a push cycle.
Intraventricular pressure drop and aortic blood acceleration as indices of cardiac inotropy: a comparison with the first derivative of aortic pressure based on computer fluid dynamics.
1998 ARRS President's Award. The potential of in vivo vascular tissue engineering for the treatment of vascular thrombosis: a preliminary report. American Roentgen Ray Society.
Tissue engineering of skin.
Techno-treatment & the body eclectic.
Technical standards for medical devices. Assisted circulation devices.
Cost analysis of adaptive seating systems in a specialty seating clinic.
The future of bioengineering.
Nikola Tesla: why was he so much resisted and forgotten?
Biomedical infrared imaging in Japan.
Infrared imaging: an emerging technology in medicine.
Current research in cell and tissue engineering.
A portable system for closed loop control of the paralysed hand using functional electrical stimulation.
Sliding performance of unilateral external fixators for tibia.
Measurement of impact force, simulation of fall and hip fracture.
Development and application of a general purpose ambulatory monitor.
Insights into the measurement of vertebral translation in the sagittal plane.
Initial estimation methods for dipole modeling in localization of epileptogenic focus.
A comparative study on different methods of automatic mesh generation of human femurs.
Cloning and infertility.
Mathematical modeling of the first inflation of degassed lungs.
Prediction of muscle recruitment and its effect on joint reaction forces during knee exercises.
Real-time measurement of lysis of mural platelet deposits by fibrinolytic agents under arterial flow.
Role of cellular orientation in electrical coupling between gastrointestinal smooth muscle.
Sensitivity distributions of impedance cardiography using band and spot electrodes analyzed by a three-dimensional computer model.
Quadratic phase coupling as a quantitative measure for the developing hippocampal formation.
A micromechanical model of lung tissue rheology.
Fluorescence and laser photon counting: measurements of epithelial [Ca2+]i or [Na+]i with ciliary beat frequency.
Effect of fatiguing exercise on longitudinal bone strain as related to stress fracture in humans.
Electrical signal transmission in a bone cell network: the influence of a discrete gap junction.
1997 Whitaker Distinguished Lecture: Models to solve mysteries in biomechanics at the cellular level; a new view of fiber matrix layers.
Solute washout experiments for characterizing mass transport in hollow fiber immunoisolation membranes.
A novel interpolation method for electric potential fields in the heart during excitation.
Electroporation and shock-induced transmembrane potential in a cardiac fiber during defibrillation strength shocks.
Electrical impedance cardiography using artificial neural networks.
A model study of intramural dispersion of action potential duration in the canine pulmonary conus.
Normal three-dimensional pulmonary artery flow determined by phase contrast magnetic resonance imaging.
Negative pressure transients with mechanical heart-valve closure: correlation between in vitro and in vivo results.
Stress variations in the human aortic root and valve: the role of anatomic asymmetry.
Flow-driven diameter response in rat femoral arteries perfused in vitro.
Temporospatial heterogeneity of myocardial perfusion and blood volume in the porcine heart wall.
Digital television broadcasting.
Biomaterials in the 21st century revisited!
Engineering analysis of penile hemodynamic and structural-dynamic relationships: Part III Clinical considerations of penile hemodynamic and rigidity erectile responses.
NIH plans bioengineering initiative.
Engineering smooth muscle tissue with a predefined structure.
The use of solid physical models for the study of macromolecular assembly.
Dynamic cell seeding of polymer scaffolds for cartilage tissue engineering.
Microsystems in medicine.
Development of biocompatible synthetic extracellular matrices for tissue engineering.
A year later: lessons learned from reengineering.
Analysis of training activities of clinical engineering departments in the United Kingdom.
Tissue engineering of a bioartificial renal tubule.
Tissue engineering: new challenges.
Elastic protein-based materials in tissue reconstruction.
Regulatory considerations in the development of encapsulated cells.
Bioartificial organs as outcomes of tissue engineering. Scientific and regulatory issues.
Collagen: ubiquitous in nature, multifunctional in devices.
Innovative rehabilitation techniques create success.
Exercise tricycle for paraplegics.
Linear servo-controlled pressure generator for forced oscillation measurements.
Miscellaneous operational issues in the operating room.
In vivo noninvasive evaluation of hairless rat skin after high-voltage pulse exposure.
In vivo human skin barrier modulation by topical application of fatty acids.
Francis Galton: and eugenics today.
Physical measurements for the predictive evaluation of the tolerability of skin products.
Possible pitfalls in hydration measurements.
Correlation of in vitro and in vivo testing.
Designing and performing clinical studies with bioengineering techniques.
Legal situation and study of efficacy and tolerability of topical products on human skin using non-invasive methods.
Analysis of cuticle relief for hair photoprotection evaluation. Validation study.
Assessment of skin hydration caused by diapers and incontinence articles.
Evaluation of the short-term effects of skin care products: a comparison between capacitance values and echographic parameters of epidermal hydration.
Lipid content and electrical impedance.
Climatic influence on cosmetic skin parameters.
Skin bioengineering methods in occupational dermatology.
Skin bioengineering methods in the monitoring of scleroderma.
Skin bioengineering in phlebology and angiology.
Biophysical methods for disease monitoring in dermatology.
A new method for assessing, in vivo in human subjects, the basal or UV-induced peroxidation of the stratum corneum. Application to test the efficacy of free-radical-scavenging products.
Cutaneous microdialysis. A new technique for the assessment of skin penetration.
Thermal sensory analyzer. Boon to the study of C and A delta fibers.
Mechanical function of the skin: state of the art.
An improved method for the measurement of scalp sebum.
Optothermal measurement of water distribution within the stratum corneum.
Examination of stratum corneum hydration state by electrical methods.
Optical coherence tomography of the skin.
Raman spectroscopy and skin.
In vivo proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in human skin.
Skin imaging: state of the art at the dawn of the year 2000.
Infusion pump inspection frequencies. How often is inspection really needed?
Infusion pump analyzers.
A preliminary evaluation of accelerator mass spectrometry in the biomedical field.
Recent advances in biomaterials.
Excitatory amino acids.
Marine natural products.
Tissue engineered neocartilage using plasma derived polymer substrates and chondrocytes.
Generalizations regarding the process and phenomenon of osseointegration. Part II. In vitro studies.
Distance learning in mammographic digital image processing.
Behavior of CHO cells on phosphated cellulose membranes.
Three-dimensional extracellular matrix engineering in the nervous system.
Survival of the certified. Certification gets facility managers and mechanics a ticket to ride.
Myocardial tactile stiffness: a variable of regional myocardial function.
Human factors usability test and evaluation.
The clinical engineer: a ghost hunter or manager of EMI.
A new approach to acoustical evaluation of human respiratory sounds.
Validating medical equipment repair and maintenance metrics, Part II: Results of the 1997 survey.
A PC-based workstation for real-time acquisition, processing, and display of electromyogram signals.
Informatics: transforming raw data into real medical information.
Optical tomography for biomedical applications.
Germline gene therapy 'must be spared excessive regulation'.
Perils in free market genomics.
Creation of viable pulmonary artery autografts through tissue engineering.
Regeneration of periodontal ligament and cementum by BMP-applied tissue engineering.
Is better always good? The Enhancement Project.
A programmable sound processor for advanced hearing aid research.
Role of morphogenetic proteins in skeletal tissue engineering and regeneration.
A unified method for calculating the center of pressure during wheelchair propulsion.
Iterative fast orthogonal search for modeling by a sum of exponentials or sinusoids.
Two methods for calculating the responses of photoreceptors to moving objects.
Subband modeling of the human cardiovascular system: new insights into cardiovascular regulation.
An admissible solution approach to inverse electrocardiography.
Quantification of the passive mechanical properties of the resting platelet.
An adaptive filter to reduce cardiogenic oscillations on esophageal pressure signals.
Current patterns and electrode types for single-source electrical impedance tomography of the thorax.
Nonparametric block-structured modeling of lung tissue strip mechanics.
Sensitivity analysis for evaluating nonlinear models of lung mechanics.
Mechanism of Ca++ release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum: a computer model.
Influence of vasoactive drugs on wall shear stress distribution in the abdominal aortic bifurcation: an in vitro study.
Particle motion within in vitro models of stenosed internal carotid and left anterior descending coronary arteries.
A strain device imposing dynamic and uniform equi-biaxial strain to cultured cells.
Response to "Dimensions and classification of genetic interventions in the human genome" by Matthew D. Bacchetta and Gerd Richter (CQ vol. 5, no. 3)
Tissue engineering of autologous cartilage transplants for rhinology.
Molecular plumbing.
A doorless entry system for high-energy radiation therapy rooms.
Advances in tissue engineering of blood vessels and other tissues.
A new fibre optic sensor for respiratory monitoring.
Classification of heart rate variability in patients with mild hypertension.
New encounters with the Sphinx.
A tribute to Colin A. McLaurin 1922-1997. Build, Don't talk.
Rat liver preservation by hypothermic oscillating liver perfusion compared to simple cold storage.
Development of technologies aiding large-tissue engineering.
Engineering a human bone marrow model: a case study on ex vivo erythropoiesis.
The intubating laryngeal mask. I: Development of a new device for intubation of the trachea.
Biomimetic chemistry: a frontier at the chemistry/biology interface.
Integration of surface modification and 3D fabrication techniques to prepare patterned poly(L-lactide) substrates allowing regionally selective cell adhesion.
On the contribution of biomedical engineering and technology to the understanding and the management of arterial hypertension.
Tissue engineered skeletal muscle: preparation of highly dense, highly oriented hybrid muscular tissues.
Ventilator repair tips.
Consulting for clinical engineers.
New approach by tissue engineering for extended selective transplantation with a pancreatic B-cell line (MIN6).
IT update/clinical engineers. The go-between.
A dynamic force and moment analysis system for brachiation.
HMOs: a biomedical engineering perspective.
Constructing a multichannel electrocardiography system from a few standardized, high-level components.
Optics in biomedical engineering.
Tissue engineering of cartilage in space.
Weaving cartilage at zero g: the reality of tissue engineering in space.
New technologies for bioartificial organs.
Tissue engineering: generation of differentiated artificial tissues for biomedical applications.
A completely biological tissue-engineered human blood vessel.
Tissue engineering of cardiovascular structures.
Effective career transitions: healthy discharges for hospital-based clinical engineering professionals.
Troubleshooting EEG noise.
Human error and human factors engineering in health care.
Considering competing in the ISO market?
Telehealth systems.
Evaluation of quantitative approaches to assessment of bowel viability.
Biomedical device to assist in the control of orthostasis.
Germ-line genetic engineering revisited.
Piezo-dynamometric platform for a more complete analysis of foot-to-floor interaction.
A portable, real-time, clinical gait velocity analysis system.
A multisegment computer simulation of normal human gait.
