Bioengineering and phytomedicines among FY00 congressional priorities.
Studies on eliminating interference by electromagnetic induction from power lines in ECG signals.
Stress analysis in three-dimensional foot models of normal and diabetic neuropathy.
Biomimetic myoelectric hand with voluntary control of finger angle and compliance.
Techview: medical technology. Replacement arteries made to order.
Phase I study of an engineered aglycosylated humanized CD3 antibody in renal transplant rejection.
Bioengineered monoclonals easier on patients, but still hard on rejection.
Matrix-mixed culture: new methodology for chondrocyte culture and preparation of cartilage transplants.
Creation of bladder tissue in vitro and in vivo. A system for organ replacement.
Metabolic network analysis. A powerful tool in metabolic engineering.
Functional human corneal equivalents constructed from cell lines.
Novel vascular graft grown within recipient's own peritoneal cavity.
Vascular tissue engineering : designer arteries.
The disability rights critique of prenatal genetic testing. Reflections and Recommendations.
Control of pH in large-scale, free suspension animal cell bioreactors: alkali addition and pH excursions.
Adsorptive control of water in esterification with immobilized enzymes. Continuous operation in a periodic counter-current reactor.
Beating heart disease with engineering. A meeting organized by the Royal Academy of Engineering and held at the Royal Society of Medicine, London, on Thursday 7 May 1998.
Who was Faraday and what did he do?
The Supreme Court sets standards for engineering expert testimony.
Ideas to help break down barriers.
Micromachined needle arrays for drug delivery or fluid extraction.
"Engineering" the wound-healing process.
Silicon pioneer funds biomedical engineering centre.
The year 2000: placing new technology in context.
Technology for disabilities. Interview by Ron Davis.
Tissue engineering: toward new solutions for transplantation and reconstructive surgery.
Tissue engineering applications for erectile dysfunction.
The evolving role of laboratory animal technology.
A systematic literature review of spiral and electron beam computed tomography: with particular reference to clinical applications in hepatic lesions, pulmonary embolus and coronary artery disease.
Naff not NEAT.
Healthcare Design Competition 1997.
Nanomedicine.
Health services technology: Part 2, Policy and managerial considerations.
Rx: plenty of bed rest and a gold microchip. Engineers tackle new ways to take medicine.
Closer to nature: new biomaterials and tissue engineering in ophthalmology.
Impact of new technologies in ophthalmology.
The role of the researcher in tissue viability a personal view from a biomedical engineer.
The role of the biomedical engineer in pressure sore prevention a personal view.
Future directions for research and treatment of osteoarthritis.
Degradation and repair of articular cartilage.
Ethics and professional responsibility.
Selected advances in drug delivery and tissue engineering.
Visualizing integrated bioprocess designs through "windows of operation".
Measurement of posture by triangulation using potentiometers.
Target practice: a BMET's guide to accuracy, precision and resolution.
Business planning: fuel for growth.
From regulation to registration. Safety and performance needs drive industry consensus on voluntary servicing, remarketing controls.
Optimal configuration of multiple-focused ultrasound transducers for external hyperthermia.
Tissue engineering of biphasic joint cartilage transplants.
Sol-gel derived carrier for the controlled release of proteins.
A new model for studying differentiation and growth of epidermal cultures on hyaluronan-based carrier.
EMBS and the evolution of the biomedical engineering knowledge base (Part I).
An overview of contemporary approaches to antiarrhythmic therapy.
Restoration of cardio-circulatory regulation by rate-adaptive pacemaker systems: the bioengineering view of a clinical problem.
A deaf woman learning to control her excessive vocal loudness through a portable feedback system.
The role of vascular smooth muscle cell integrins in the compaction and mechanical strengthening of a tissue-engineered blood vessel.
Metabolic flux analysis: a powerful tool for monitoring tissue function.
End-to-end anastomosis between tissue-engineered intestine and native small bowel.
A laminin and nerve growth factor-laden three-dimensional scaffold for enhanced neurite extension.
Engineered smooth muscle tissues: regulating cell phenotype with the scaffold.
Amphibian embryos as a model system for organ engineering: in vitro induction and rescue of the heart anlage.
Procedure for the semi-automatic detection of gastro-oesophageal reflux patterns in intraluminal impedance measurements in infants.
Biorthogonal wavelet transforms for ECG parameters estimation.
Pulse wave attenuation measurement by linear and nonlinear methods in nonlinearly elastic tubes.
A steady flow analysis on the stented and non-stented sidewall aneurysm models.
The current status of tissue engineering as potential therapy.
Leadership, patient safety, and Y2K: the AAMI Technology Management Committee.
Integrating clinical engineering and information systems.
Development of a packed-bed type bioartificial liver: tissue engineering approach.
Is occupational irritant contact dermatitis predictable by cutaneous bioengineering methods? Results of the Swiss Metalworkers' Eczema Study (PROMETES).
Cardiac muscle tissue engineering: toward an in vitro model for electrophysiological studies.
Tissue engineering human placenta trophoblast cells in 3-D fibrous matrix: spatial effects on cell proliferation and function.
Retrospectroscope. d'Arsonval, physician and inventor.
Current developments in telemedicine.
Focusing energy on biomedical engineering, imaging, and informatics research.
Informatics at the National Institutes of Health: a call to action.
From heel to toe.
Bone remodelling: should we cry Wolff?
The development of an embedding technique for polylactide sponges.
In memoriam. Abner McGhee Harvey. 1911-1998.
18th Southern Biomedical Engineering Conference and 2nd International Conference on Ethical Issues in Biomedical Engineering. Abstracts.
Morphology and mechanical function of long-term in vitro engineered cartilage.
Retention of hyaluronic acid in alginate beads: aspects for in vitro cartilage engineering.
Chondrocyte aggregation and reorganization into three-dimensional scaffolds.
Pelvis and lower limb anatomical landmark calibration precision and its propagation to bone geometry and joint angles.
Extraction of quasi-linear viscoelastic parameters for lower limb soft tissues from manual indentation experiment.
A numerical study of blood flow patterns in anatomically realistic and simplified end-to-side anastomoses.
Tissue engineering.
Stabilization of fibrin-chondrocyte constructs for cartilage reconstruction.
Three-dimensional human head finite-element model validation against two experimental impacts.
Principal dynamic mode analysis of nonlinear transduction in a spider mechanoreceptor.
Dynamic details of disparity convergence eye movements.
Dynamics of the intrauterine fluid-wall interface.
Gene expression is altered in perfused arterial segments exposed to cyclic flexure ex vivo.
Numerically based design of an orifice plate flowmetering system for human respiratory flow monitoring.
Technique to determine inspiratory impedance during mechanical ventilation: implications for flow limited patients.
Theoretical gas phase mass transfer coefficients for endogenous gases in the lungs.
Determination of red blood cell velocity by video shuttering and image analysis.
Mechanics of leukocyte deformation and adhesion to endothelium in shear flow.
Optimization of cardiac fiber orientation for homogeneous fiber strain during ejection.
Selective removal of alloreactive cells from haematopoietic stem cell grafts: graft engineering for GVHD prophylaxis.
Tissue engineering in cardiovascular surgery: MTT, a rapid and reliable quantitative method to assess the optimal human cell seeding on polymeric meshes.
Clinical engineering and information systems: bridging the gap. Interview by Brian Porras.
Preadipocyte seeded PLGA scaffolds for adipose tissue engineering.
Cardiac organogenesis in vitro: reestablishment of three-dimensional tissue architecture by dissociated neonatal rat ventricular cells.
Human germline gene modification: a dissent.
The Embryonics Project: a machine made of artificial cells.
Tissue engineering of a bioartificial renal tubule assist device: in vitro transport and metabolic characteristics.
Cover your assets.
An age of reason for assistive technology?
Rewiring the brain. How a bright idea became an innovative medical device.
Think or swim. Clinical engineers: are you on a collision course with managed care?
Intra-and inter-individual variations in transepidermal water loss on the face: facial locations for bioengineering studies.
ISFR presidential address: new engineering technology transfer in bone fracture management for the next century. International Society for Fracture Repair.
Reengineering the picture archiving and communication system (PACS) process for digital imaging networks PACS.
Care and feeding of a staff for filmless radiology.
What is new in mechanical properties of tissue-engineered organs.
Detecting the onset of epileptic seizures.
Tissue engineering and the development of Apligraf a human skin equivalent.
Lab-grown organs begin to take shape.
American Chemical Society. Chemists mix it up in California.
A new generation of facial prostheses with myoelectrically driven moveable upper lid.
Food and Drug Administration low-level extremely-low-frequency magnetic field exposure facility.
Present status of therapeutic apheresis in Japan: survey report. (Survey Subcommittee, Scientific Committee, Japanese Society for Apheresis).
An interview with a distinguished pharmaceutical scientist: Robert S. Langer.
The social nature of disability, disease and genetics: a response to Gillam, Persson, Holtug, Draper and Chadwick.
Does justice require genetic enhancements?
Bioartificial organs transplanted from research to reality.
Design of biomimetic habitats for tissue engineering with P-15, a synthetic peptide analogue of collagen.
Engineering bone regeneration with bioabsorbable scaffolds with novel microarchitecture.
Genetic enhancement in humans.
Functional arteries grown in vitro.
ICP measurement accuracy: the effect of temperature drift. Design of a laboratory test for assessment of ICP transducers.
A calibration service for biomedical instrumentation maintenance laboratories.
Tissue engineering: the challenges ahead.
Growing new organs.
Intensity-modulated radiation therapy with dynamic multileaf collimators.
Chronomes, time structures, for chronobioengineering for "a full life".
Meeting the requirements for medical equipment EMC: a test house perspective.
Home health care: a new challenge for clinical engineers.
Equipment management risk rating system based on engineering endpoints.
Designing medical devices to reduce the likelihood of error.
Computer-aided learning a solution for the training needs of users & maintainers of medical equipment.
A study on the current situation in the biomedical technology and clinical engineering sector in Bulgaria advances, trends and needs.
Technology assessment a survey of the clinical engineer's role within the hospital.
Development of a new Clinical Engineering Management Tool & Information System (CLE-MANTIS).
A new model to estimate the appropriate staff for a clinical engineering department.
Effective communication and supervision in the biomedical engineering department.
Gas exchange is essential for bioreactor cultivation of tissue engineered cartilage.
Increasing extracellular matrix production in regenerating cartilage with intermittent physiological pressure.
Malcolm Lilly.
UCL biochemical engineering.
Optimizing seeding and culture methods to engineer smooth muscle tissue on biodegradable polymer matrices.
Modelling medical devices: the application of bioengineering in surgery.
Collaborative bioengineering: clinical activities in Ireland.
WHO's bioethics code likely to stir debate.
Detection of elementary flux modes in biochemical networks: a promising tool for pathway analysis and metabolic engineering.
Anastomosis between tissue-engineered intestine and native small bowel.
Regenerative signals for tissue-engineered small intestine.
Bioreactor cultivation conditions modulate the composition and mechanical properties of tissue-engineered cartilage.
Science, rhetoric, and public discourse in genetic research.
Gait analysis of ACL deficient knees. Angular velocities and flexion-extension moment around the knee joint.
Three-dimensional knee motion analysis for the pathogenesis knee osteoarthrosis.
Gait analysis of patients with osteoarthritis of the hip and the those with total hip arthroplasty.
Gait analysis before or after varus osteotomy of the femur for hip osteoarthritis.
Clinical study on arthroplasties for osteoarthritic hip by quantitative gait analysis. Comparison between total hip arthroplasty and bipolar endoprosthetic arthroplasty.
Practical and theoretical considerations in the application in the development of clinical gait analysis.
History and fundamentals of gait analysis.
The operating room of the future.
Dohi Memorial Lecture. From occlusive to living membranes.
Risks inherent in fetal gene therapy.
Liver assist systems: state of the art.
From muscle twitches to sustained (tetanic) contraction: the discovery of du Bois-Reymond.
Non-linear optimization of biochemical pathways: applications to metabolic engineering and parameter estimation.
The multilayered organization of engineered human skin does not influence the formation of sunlight-induced cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers in cellular DNA.
An opportunity for exploitation of research in biomedical engineering: the EC Life Sciences Demonstration Projects.
A review and methodologic critique of the literature refuting whiplash syndrome.
Application of biomedical engineering to neurosurgery.
The future of biothermal engineering.
Tissue engineering: the first decade and beyond.
The development of the Starr-Edwards heart valve.
Conference report. Bioengineering in the millennium. National Institute of Health symposium bioengineering building the future of biology and medicine.
Clinical engineers have a role to play in risk management.
Practical sources for autologous fibroblasts to prepare a bioengineered dermal equivalent.
Beam characteristics and clinical possibilities of a new compact treatment unit design combining narrow pencil beam scanning and segmental multileaf collimation.
