Importance of temperature and humidity in the measurement of pulmonary oxygen uptake per breath during anesthesia.
Biphasic material properties of lytic bone metastases.
Computer- and robot-assisted total knee replacement: analysis of a new surgical procedure.
Stimulated secretion of pituitary hormones in normal humans: a novel direct assessment from blood concentrations.
Respiratory related evoked responses to graduated pressure pulses using wavelet transform methods.
Fast, robust identification of nonlinear physiological systems using an implicit basis expansion.
Quantifying coevolution of nonstationary biomedical signals using time-varying phase spectra.
Role of preconditioning and recovery time in repeated testing of aortic valve tissues: validation through quasilinear viscoelastic theory.
Model-based analysis of optically mapped epicardial activation patterns and conduction velocity.
A three-dimensional finite element model of radiofrequency ablation with blood flow and its experimental validation.
In vitro temperature map of cardiac ablation demonstrates the effect of flow on lesion development.
Lead-field bases for electroencephalography source imaging.
Tissue engineering for bladder substitution.
The concept of functioning free skeletal muscle transfer in combination with tissue engineering for bladder substitution.
Community outreach at biomedical research facilities.
Needs and opportunities for improving the health, safety, and productivity of medical research facilities.
Direct comparison of skin physiology in children and adults with bioengineering methods.
Future directions of research in statistical genetics.
A system for monitoring the response of uniaxial strain on cell seeded collagen gels.
Reducing environmental risk associated with laboratory decommissioning and property transfer.
Applying environmental product design to biomedical products research.
Biomedical research leaders: report on needs, opportunities, difficulties, education and training, and evaluation.
Minimization and management of wastes from biomedical research.
Development of a pollution prevention and energy efficiency clearinghouse for biomedical research facilities.
Environmental practices for biomedical research facilities.
Biomedical research and the environment.
Assessment of synchronized direct mechanical ventricular actuation in a canine model of left ventricular dysfunction.
Analysis of the interventricular pressure waveform in the moving-actuator total artificial heart.
Ovalis TAH: development and in vitro testing of a new electromechanical energy converter for a total artificial heart.
Scaffold precoating with human autologous extracellular matrix for improved cell attachment in cardiovascular tissue engineering.
Chimeric technologies.
What is life, and what is a machine? The ontology of bioengineering.
Biomedical research: some ethical challenges.
Ethical considerations for biomedical scientists and engineers: issues for the rank and file.
The need for a professional code of ethics in biomedical engineering: a lesson from history.
Beyond a code of ethics for bioengineers: the role of ethics in an integrated compliance program.
A review of rapid prototyping (RP) techniques in the medical and biomedical sector.
When does the Freedom of Information Act apply to privately held data produced under a federal grant? (Part II).
Interpretation of genome expression patterns: computational challenges and opportunities.
Topics in membrane electrophysiology. Aspects of nerve conduction.
Pulse type classification by varying contact pressure.
Syntactic pattern recognition for X-ray diagnosis of pancreatic cancer.
Antenatal fetal risk assessment by blood-flow velocity waveforms.
Constructing head models by computation.
Noninvasive early detection of focal cerebral ischemia.
Temperature-compensated bioimpedance system for estimating body composition.
Engineering a more accessible world.
Effects of shoulder stability on endpoint stiffness.
Finite element modeling of the neuron-electrode interface.
Glucose monitoring using implanted fluorescent microspheres.
Biomedical engineering: yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
Boning up on tissue engineering.
Pediatric nursing practice: keeping pace with technological advances.
Eliminating the culture of blame; a new challenge for clinical engineers and BMETs.
Epicardial suction: a new approach to mechanical testing of the passive ventricular wall.
A triaxial-measurement shear-test device for soft biological tissues.
From micro- to nanofabrication with soft materials.
Training for our future.
Cardiac valve replacement: a bioengineering approach.
Tissue engineering approaches utility.
Optimizing the sterilization of PLGA scaffolds for use in tissue engineering.
Native and DPPA cross-linked collagen sponges seeded with fetal bovine epiphyseal chondrocytes used for cartilage tissue engineering.
"Do you have a healthy smile?".
Reduction of Walsh-transformed electrocardiograms by double logarithmic coding.
Adaptive noise energy estimation in pathological speech signals.
Footprint-based personal recognition.
Computation of the signal-to-noise ratio of high-frequency magnetic resonance imagers.
Temperature measurement within myocardium during in vitro RF catheter ablation.
Dielectric relaxation time spectroscopy.
Dual-mode antenna design for microwave heating and noninvasive thermometry of superficial tissue disease.
Magnetic stimulation coil and circuit design.
The conductivity of the human skull: results of in vivo and in vitro measurements.
Estimation of current leakage in left and right ventricular conductance volumetry using a dynamic finite element model.
Quantification and macroscopic modeling of the nonlinear viscoelastic behavior of strained gels with varying fibrin concentrations.
Improving regulation of mean arterial blood pressure during anesthesia through estimates of surgery effects.
Asthmatic airways obstruction assessment based on detailed analysis of respiratory sound spectra.
CPR artifact removal from human ECG using optimal multichannel filtering.
Micro-emboli detection: an ultrasound Doppler signal processing viewpoint.
The weighted diagnostic distortion (WDD) measure for ECG signal compression.
Estimation of intrinsic and reflex contributions to muscle dynamics: a modeling study.
Mechanical quality of tissue engineered cartilage: results after 6 and 12 weeks in vivo.
Tissue engineering: challenges and opportunities.
Systematic reviews of wound care management: (3) antimicrobial agents for chronic wounds; (4) diabetic foot ulceration.
Ethical issues and practical problems in preimplantation genetic diagnosis.
XXVII ESAO Congress. European Society for Artificial Organs. CHUV Lausanne, Switzerland, August 31-September 2, 2000. Summary of the meeting.
Tendency modeling: a new approach to obtain simplified kinetic models of metabolism applied to Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Dynamics of gene expression in rat hepatocytes under stress.
Mining of biological data II: assessing data structure and class homogeneity by cluster analysis.
Mining of biological data I: identifying discriminating features via mean hypothesis testing.
Patterns of regulation from mRNA and protein time series.
DNA microarray detection of metabolic responses to protein overproduction in Escherichia coli.
The organization of metabolic reaction networks: a signal-oriented approach to cellular models.
A comparative study of global stress gene regulation in response to overexpression of recombinant proteins in Escherichia coli.
The emergence of pattern discovery techniques in computational biology.
The innovation imperative.
Nonviral in vivo gene therapy for tissue engineering of articular cartilage and tendon repair.
Cartilage and bone regeneration using gene-enhanced tissue engineering.
The remote past and near future of electrocardiology: view-point of a biomedical engineer.
Development of biotechnology in India.
Real-time in vivo loading in the lumbar spine: part 1. Interbody implant: load cell design and preliminary results.
NIH. Imaging institute picks up momentum.
Tissue-engineered skin (Apligraf) in the healing of patients with epidermolysis bullosa wounds.
Microchip technology in drug delivery.
An adaptive 3-D discrete cosine transform coder for medical image compression.
Simulated generation of evoked potentials components using networks with distinct excitatory and inhibitory neurons.
Detection of multiple sclerosis with visual evoked potentials an unsupervised computational intelligence system.
Injectable small intestinal submucosa: preliminary evaluation for use in endoscopic urological surgery.
WebOnCOLL: medical collaboration in regional healthcare networks.
CAR special issue of the IEEE transactions on information technology in biomedicine.
Technology requirements for Summit-Autonomous CustomCornea.
Temperature distribution for combined laser hyperthermia-photodynamic therapy in the esophagus.
Speeding-up the cure of one-part silicone rubber, when encapsulating neurological prostheses: the permeable mould.
Classification of waist-acceleration signals in a continuous walking record.
In vitro monitoring of rabbit anterior cruciate ligament damage by acoustic emission.
Unsteady stenosis flow prediction: a comparative study of non-Newtonian models with operator splitting scheme.
Theoretical study of convergent ultrasound hyperthermia for treating bone tumors.
Effects of loading conditions and objective function on three-dimensional shape optimization of femoral components of hip endoprostheses.
Back to fundamentals: anatomy-based physiological bioengineering.
Effect of low frequency, low amplitude magnetic fields on the permeability of cationic liposomes entrapping carbonic anhydrase: II. No evidence for surface enzyme involvement.
Effect of low frequency, low amplitude magnetic fields on the permeability of cationic liposomes entrapping carbonic anhydrase: I. Evidence for charged lipid involvement.
Effects of an increased air gap on the in vitro interaction of wireless phones with cardiac pacemakers.
Education in biomedical engineering: experience from a European ERASMUS program.
Health technology transfer.
Selecting the corner in the L-curve approach to Tikhonov regularization.
Sensitivity and versatility of an adaptive system for controlling cyclic movements using functional neuromuscular stimulation.
How electrode size affects the electric potential distribution in cardiac tissue.
An improved configuration for the reduction of EMG in electrode cuff recordings: a theoretical approach.
A maximum-likelihood base caller for DNA sequencing.
In vitro simultaneous measurement of refractive index and thickness of biological tissue by the low coherence interferometry.
Simultaneous optical and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy for monitoring cardiac energetics in vivo.
Paired MEG data set source localization using recursively applied and projected (RAP) MUSIC.
The effect of geometric and topologic differences in boundary element models on magnetocardiographic localization accuracy.
Functional reentry's influence on intracellular calcium in the LRd membrane equations.
A statistical mechanical analysis of postural sway using non-Gaussian FARIMA stochastic models.
Pacemaker interference and low-frequency electric induction in humans by external fields and electrodes.
The effect of anisotropy on the potential distribution in biological tissue and its impact on nerve excitation simulations.
Automatic detection of ST-T complex changes on the ECG using filtered RMS difference series: application to ambulatory ischemia monitoring.
Analysis of a sleep-dependent neuronal feedback loop: the slow-wave microcontinuity of the EEG.
New aspects to event-synchronous cancellation of ECG interference: an application of the method in diaphragmatic EMG signals.
An orthogonal least squares-based fuzzy filter for real-time analysis of lung sounds.
Adaptive noise cancellation in a multimicrophone system for distortion product otoacoustic emission acquisition.
Threshold modeling of autonomic control of heart rate variability.
Nonlinear Markov process amplitude EEG model for nonlinear coupling interaction of spontaneous EEG.
Improving team performance: understanding the differences between teams and work groups.
Implementing the FDA performance standard on electrode lead wires and patient cables in hospitals.
A novel device for measuring the effect of cholesterol on the release of oxygen from red blood cells into myocardial tissue.
Patient safety and clinical engineering.
Expanding the scope of the IEEE Transactions on Rehabilitation Engineering to explicitly include Neural Engineering.
Gore pledges support for bioscience.
Bioglass 45S5 stimulates osteoblast turnover and enhances bone formation In vitro: implications and applications for bone tissue engineering.
Femoral strain profiles under simulated 3-D muscle and joint loads for heel strike, midstance, and toe off.
Biomedical engineering: issues and opportunity.
Poloxamers and poloxamines in nanoparticle engineering and experimental medicine.
Captain G T Smith-Clarke: automobile and medical engineer.
Current issues in US Patent Law.
Practical illustrations in tissue engineering: surgical considerations relevant to the implantation of osteoinductive devices.
Fundamentals of biomechanics in tissue engineering of bone.
Morphogenesis and tissue engineering of bone and cartilage: inductive signals, stem cells, and biomimetic biomaterials.
Options for tissue engineering to address challenges of the aging skeleton.
Combining chondrocytes and smooth muscle cells to engineer hybrid soft tissue constructs.
Tissue engineers build new bone.
Time-resolved phase-space distributions for light backscattered from a disordered medium.
What difference would a National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering make? Part 2.
Moral decisions regarding innovation. The case method.
Ethical requirements that must be met before the introduction of new procedures.
Dentistry in the 21st century.
Relevance of multiparametric skin bioengineering in a prospectively-followed cohort of junior hairdressers.
NCI initiative: development of novel imaging technologies.
Technology and the traditions of medicine.
Modelling in health economic evaluation. What is its place? What is its value?
Decision analytic modelling in the economic evaluation of health technologies. A consensus statement. Consensus Conference on Guidelines on Economic Modelling in Health Technology Assessment.
Tissue-engineered bone regeneration.
Three-dimensional cellular development is essential for ex vivo formation of human bone.
Engineering of bone grafts.
The contribution of medical biochemistry to new technologies in medicine.
Articular cartilage biomechanics: theoretical models, material properties, and biosynthetic response.
Hybrid finite element-finite difference method for thermal analysis of blood vessels.
An introduction to statistical methods for health technology assessment.
Women's health in the 21st century.
Nonlinear cell response to strong electric fields.
Comments on "Fusion of body surface potential and body surface Laplacian signals for electrocardiographic imaging".
Limit cycle oscillations in pacemaker cells.
Vibration arthrometry in patients with knee joint disorders.
Digital X-ray stereophotogrammetry for cochlear implantation.
Evidence for roles of the activating function in electric stimulation.
Can the light-addressable potentiometric sensor (LAPS) detect extracellular potentials of cardiac myocytes?
Noise performance design of CMOS preamplifier for the active semiconductor neural probe.
A clinically oriented video-based system for quantification of eyelid movements.
A micromachined silicon depth probe for multichannel neural recording.
Second-order model of membrane electric field induced by alternating external electric fields.
Studies of detrusor-sphincter synergia and dyssynergia during micturition in rats via fractional Brownian motion.
Analysis of passive elastic joint moments in paraplegics.
Distributed computing for membrane-based modeling of action potential propagation.
The forward EEG solutions can be computed using artificial neural networks.
Neuro-computing versus linear statistical techniques applied to liver transplant monitoring: a comparative study.
Estimation of 3-D conduction velocity vector fields from cardiac mapping data.
Noise-resistant pulse oximetry using a synthetic reference signal.
Rejection of the maternal electrocardiogram in the electrohysterogram signal.
Characterization of sleep spindles using higher order statistics and spectra.
Improved heart rate variability signal analysis from the beat occurrence times according to the IPFM model.
Computerized classification of temporomandibular joint sounds.
Porous carriers for biomedical applications based on alginate hydrogels.
Patent issue: supplier liability in medical implants and devices: the "Biomaterials Access Assurance Act".
Fabrication of a trileaflet heart valve scaffold from a polyhydroxyalkanoate biopolyester for use in tissue engineering.
Encapsulation matrices for neurotrophic factor-secreting myoblast cells.
Microencapsulation of normal and transfected L929 fibroblasts in a HEMA-MMA copolymer.
Influence of glial growth factor and Schwann cells in a bioresorbable guidance channel on peripheral nerve regeneration.
A polymer foam conduit seeded with Schwann cells promotes guided peripheral nerve regeneration.
Silicon micromachining to tissue engineer branched vascular channels for liver fabrication.
Extracellular matrix cell adhesion peptides: functional applications in orthopedic materials.
New pulsatile bioreactor for in vitro formation of tissue engineered heart valves.
Minimally invasive technique of auricular cartilage harvest for tissue engineering.
Cultured human keratinocytes on type I collagen membranes to reconstitute the epidermis.
Enhancing hepatocyte adhesion by pulsed plasma deposition and polyethylene glycol coupling.
Dynamic seeding and in vitro culture of hepatocytes in a flow perfusion system.
Novel method for the quantitative assessment of cell migration: a study on the motility of rabbit anterior cruciate (ACL) and medial collateral ligament (MCL) cells.
Evaluation of osteoblast response to porous bioactive glass (45S5) substrates by RT-PCR analysis.
Osteogenesis coordinated in C3H10T1/2 cells by adipogenesis-dependent BMP-2 expression system.
Tissue engineering designs for the future: new logics, old molecules.
A versatile shear and compression apparatus for mechanical stimulation of tissue culture explants.
Use and limitations of modular metabolic control analysis in medicine and biotechnology.
Metabolic analysis of glutamate production by Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Bioreaction network topology and metabolic flux ratio analysis by biosynthetic fractional 13C labeling and two-dimensional NMR spectroscopy.
Isotopomer analysis using GC-MS.
Time-frequency analysis of the heart rate variability during the Valsalva manoeuvre.
Expert systems in medicine: academic exercise or practical tool?
Modelling transthoracic defibrillation waveforms.
Good design practice for medical devices and equipment, Part II: Design for validation.
The development of a computer controlled system to simulate in rats, the rapid, frequent changes in oxygen experienced by preterm infants developing retinopathy of prematurity.
Engineering a living cell to desired metabolite concentrations and fluxes: pathways with multifunctional enzymes.
Metabolic engineering from a cybernetic perspective: aspartate family of amino acids.
Tissue engineering.
Technology and the management of trust in insurance medicine.
Managing one's body using self-management techniques: practicing autonomy.
Technology in medicine: ontology, epistemology, ethics and social philosophy at the crossroads.
Restorative surgery of the central nervous system by means of tissue engineering using NeuroGel implants.
Reviving patient-oriented research.
Entrainment of intestinal slow waves with electrical stimulation using intraluminal electrodes.
Prototype neural semicircular canal prosthesis using patterned electrical stimulation.
A computational fluid dynamic model of antigen-antibody surface adsorption on a piezoelectric immunosensor.
Enhancing the uptake of chemotherapeutic drugs into tumors using an "artificial lymphatic system".
"Artificial lymphatic system": a new approach to reduce interstitial hypertension and increase blood flow, pH and pO2 in solid tumors.
Directional wall strength in saccular brain aneurysms from polarized light microscopy.
An in vitro study of the hinge and near-field forward flow dynamics of the St. Jude Medical Regent bileaflet mechanical heart valve.
Physiological relevance of uniform elastic tube-models to infer descending aortic wave reflection: a problem of identifiability.
Staged growth of optimized arterial model trees.
Left ventricular contractility is impaired following myocardial infarction in the pig and rat: assessment by the end systolic pressure-volume relation using a single-beat estimation technique and cine magnetic resonance imaging.
Can we produce a human corneal equivalent by tissue engineering?
Structural insights of glass-reinforced hydroxyapatite composites by Rietveld refinement.
Surface plasmon resonance analysis of dynamic biological interactions with biomaterials.
Displacement between the seating surface and hybrid test dummy during transitions with a variable configuration wheelchair: a technical note.
Wheelchairs and related technology for the millennium.
When does the Freedom of Information Act apply to privately held data produced under a Federal grant? (Part I).
Developing and commercializing a DNA sequencer.
Doppler ultrasound observation of pathological heart valves.
Modulation transfer functions for quality assurance of mammographic systems.
Reactance of biological membranes.
Issues in automating cardiac SPECT diagnosis.
Inductive logic programming for knowledge discovery from MRI data.
Temporal pattern discovery in course-of-disease data.
Automated discovery of positive and negative knowledge in clinical databases.
Discovering knowledge from medical databases using evolutionary algorithms.
Genetic programming for knowledge discovery in chest-pain diagnosis.
Consistent knowledge discovery in medical diagnosis.
A knowledge discovery approach to diagnosing myocardial perfusion.
Medical data mining and knowledge discovery.
An introduction to image analysis using mathematical morphology.
Encouraging students with disabilities to pursue careers in bioengineering.
Screen idols: faster, smaller, cheaper and smarter.
Evolution of the display technologies.
Cell and Tissue Engineering. Proceedings of a symposium. Big Sky, Montana, USA. June 16-20, 1999.
Tissue engineering of heart valves: in vitro experiences.
Bayesian analysis of blood glucose time series from diabetes home monitoring.
Wavelet time entropy, T wave morphology and myocardial ischemia.
Electric potential produced by a dipole in a homogeneous conducting sphere.
Receiver operating characteristic analysis for intelligent medical systems a new approach for finding confidence intervals.
Detection of leukocytes in contact with the vessel wall from in vivo microscope recordings using a neural network.
Staging of cervical cancer with soft computing.
Femoral surface strain in intact composite femurs: a custom computer analysis of the photoelastic coating technique.
Closed-loop stimulation of hypoglossal nerve in a dog model of upper airway obstruction.
Chronic neural stimulation with thin-film, iridium oxide electrodes.
Analysis of position and isometric joysticks for powered wheelchair driving.
A simulation study evaluating the performance of high-density electrode arrays on myocardial tissue.
A telemetry system for the study of spontaneous cardiac arrhythmias.
Enhancement of bowel sounds by wavelet-based filtering.
Conversion of magnetocardiographic recordings between two different multichannel SQUID devices.
Methods for robust clustering of epileptic EEG spikes.
Wavelet compression of ECG signals by the set partitioning in hierarchical trees algorithm.
Clustering ECG complexes using hermite functions and self-organizing maps.
Acoustical properties of speech as indicators of depression and suicidal risk.
Articular cartilage repair: problems and perspectives.
Modulation of the mechanical properties of tissue engineered cartilage.
Cell mechanotransduction and interactions with biological tissues.
Aspects of human factors engineering in home telemedicine and telerehabilitation systems.
First International Conference on (Strept) Avidin Biotin Technologies. Alberta, Canada, June 18-21, 2000. Abstracts.
What difference would a National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering make?
Design, optimization, realization, and analysis of an in vitro system for the exposure of embryonic stem cells at 1.71 GHz.
Report of the Advisory Council on Optical Technologies.
Optical technologies: in search of a clinical home.
Physiological and cell biological aspects of perfusion culture technique employed to generate differentiated tissues for long term biomaterial testing and tissue engineering.
The use of bone grafts and substitutes in the craniomaxillofacial region.
Laying a firm foundation for interdisciplinary research endeavours.
Growth factor delivery for tissue engineering.
Three-dimensional cultivation of human osteoblast-like cells on highly porous natural bone mineral.
Comparative study of seeding methods for three-dimensional polymeric scaffolds.
Surface microarchitectural design in biomedical applications: in vivo analysis of tissue ingrowth in excimer laser-directed micropored scaffold for cardiovascular tissue engineering.
Development and in vitro characterization of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-loaded poly(DL-lactic-co-glycolic acid)/poly(ethylene glycol) microspheres using a solid encapsulation/single emulsion/solvent extraction technique.
Engineering three-dimensional bone tissue in vitro using biodegradable scaffolds: investigating initial cell-seeding density and culture period.
Surface and bulk modifications to photocrosslinked polyanhydrides to control degradation behavior.
Multicentre study for the development of an in vivo model to evaluate the influence of topical formulations on irritation.
A simulation study for the design of a control system for the blood concentration process in autotransfusion.
Fatigue-related loading imbalance on the shank in running: a possible factor in stress fractures.
Diffusion-convection equation solved in parallel regions of the lung.
Scaling approach to study the changes through the gestation of human fetal cardiac and circulatory behaviors.
Flow visualization in mechanical heart valves: occluder rebound and cavitation potential.
Remodeling of the bifurcation asymmetry of right coronary ventricular branches in hypertrophy.
Flow patterns at the stenosed carotid bifurcation: effect of concentric versus eccentric stenosis.
Short term in vivo precision of proximal femoral finite element modeling.
Shear rate dependence of ultrasound backscattering from blood samples characterized by different levels of erythrocyte aggregation.
Experimental and computational flow evaluation of coronary stents.
Shear augmented dispersion of a solute in a casson fluid flowing in a conduit.
In vitro cell shearing device to investigate the dynamic response of cells in a controlled hydrodynamic environment.
Dynamic mechanical conditioning of collagen-gel blood vessel constructs induces remodeling in vitro.
Are MDs at risk when they don't offer patients new medical technologies?
Use your networking skills to connect at conferences.
The central equipment pool, an opportunity for improved technology management.
Dynamic thermal responses of five commercially available infant radiant warmer systems.
Effect of adaptive motion-artifact reduction on QRS detection.
Requirements engineering: the key to designing complex medical systems.
Direct mapping of bioelectric activity.
Laplacian electrocardiography.
The moral significance of the therapy-enhancement distinction in human genetics.
Are "genetic enhancements" really enhancements?
Gene therapies and the pursuit of a better human.
Grand dreams of perfect people.
A laser plantar pressure sensor for the diabetic foot.
A finite difference model of load-induced fluid displacements within bone under mechanical loading.
An experimental method for the application of lateral muscle loading and its effect on femoral strain distributions.
Variation of recruitment nonlinearity and dynamic response of ankle plantarflexors.
A fast and accurate segmentation technique for the extraction of gastrointestinal lumen from endoscopic images.
Introduction: basic concepts and definitions in mechanics.
National Cancer Institute initiative for development of novel imaging technologies.
The impact of biomolecular medicine and tissue engineering on plastic surgery in the 21st century.
In vitro engineering of cartilage.
Using engineering and assistive technologies for rehabilitation after electrical trauma.
Theoretical study of temperature elevation at muscle/bone interface during ultrasound hyperthermia.
Alteration to will as an experience of technology and nursing.
Using a multidisciplinary team approach in biomedical engineering senior design.
Design and validation of a machine for reproducible precision insertion of femoral hip prostheses for preclinical testing.
Pulsed laser-induced thermal damage in whole blood.
Unconfined compression of articular cartilage: nonlinear behavior and comparison with a fibril-reinforced biphasic model.
A special theory of biphasic mixtures and experimental results for human annulus fibrosus tested in confined compression.
A linear material model for fiber-induced anisotropy of the anulus fibrosus.
Viscoelastic dissipation in compact bone: implications for stress-induced fluid flow in bone.
Surfactant transport over airway liquid lining of nonuniform depth.
Aerosol transport and deposition in sequentially bifurcating airways.
Viscoelastic behavior of a lung alveolar duct model.
Helical flow around arterial bends for varying body mass.
Vortex shedding as a mechanism for free emboli formation in mechanical heart valves.
Turbulence characteristics downstream of bileaflet aortic valve prostheses.
Three-dimensional computational model of left heart diastolic function with fluid-structure interaction.
The frontier of substitution medicine: integrating biomaterials and tissue engineering.
The need for an upstream ethics.
The future of home care.
UK strategy for process qualification/validation: from concept to practical implementation.
The role of in process qualification in quality improvement of the haemonetics MCS plus leucodepleted platelet concentrate.
Finite element estimates of interface stress in the trans-tibial prosthesis using gap elements are different from those using automated contact.
Determination of axial rotation angles of limb segments - a new method.
Are bioengineers trend setters or followers?
Second sourcing. Interview by Edward J. Snyder.
Focus on medical errors provides clinical engineering opportunities.
Establishing maintenance intervals based on measurement reliability of engineering endpoints.
Design and testing of a genetic algorithm neural network in the assessment of gait patterns.
Adaptive Morse code communication system for severely disabled individuals.
Electropalatography and the Linguagraph system.
General practice and the new technologies.
Surgery in the information age.
Technology in patient care.
The impact of culture on technology.
Tissue engineering in the genitourinary system.
Fibrin gel as a three dimensional matrix in cardiovascular tissue engineering.
Y2K a colossal hoax?
Tissue engineering of vascular grafts: human cell seeding of decellularised porcine matrix.
Gene therapy and tissue engineering patents abound.
Polymer scientists engineer better remedies.
When there's so much technology available, how does a hospital decide what to buy?
A method for dynamic measurement of lumbar lordosis.
Tissue engineered bone formation using chitosan/tricalcium phosphate sponges.
Development and characterization of a tissue-engineered human oral mucosa equivalent produced in a serum-free culture system.
Tissue engineering from Adam to the zygote: historical reflections.
Renal therapy using tissue-engineered constructs and gene delivery.
Tissue-engineering applications for phallic reconstruction.
Tissue-engineered therapies for the treatment of urinary incontinence and vesicoureteral reflux.
Tissue engineering of the bladder.
Urologic tissue engineering with small-intestinal submucosa: potential clinical applications.
Systems for therapeutic angiogenesis in tissue engineering.
Biomaterials for tissue engineering.
A novel mechatronic tool for computer-assisted arthroscopy.
Emerging trends at the threshold of a new millennium.
Synthesis and characterization of polypyrrole-hyaluronic acid composite biomaterials for tissue engineering applications.
Second generation bifurcation stent: the rapid development of device technology.
Chronic stretch of engineered heart tissue induces hypertrophy and functional improvement.
Biomedical engineering in Israel: a quantum leap.
Bioengineering organs using small intestinal submucosa scaffolds: in vivo tissue-engineering technology.
Tissue engineering of artificial organs.
Biomaterials in drug delivery and tissue engineering: one laboratory's experience.
Tissue-engineered valved conduits in the pulmonary circulation.
Device manufacturers consider constraints.
What would John Dewey do? The promises and perils of pragmatic bioethics.
Y-ligation: an efficient method for ligating single-stranded DNAs and RNAs with T4 RNA ligase.
Bibliography. Current world literature. Urological surgery, surgical techniques, technology.
Computer-controlled flow resistance.
The hip status: a telemedical application.
Sizing extruded medical tubing.
Digital x-ray: unwavering commitment collides with monumental challenges.
Microtechnologies: art or engineering?
The stresses and strains of everyday life.
Cultured differentiated human urothelial cells in the biomaterials field.
Control of hepatocyte function on collagen foams: sizing matrix pores toward selective induction of 2-D and 3-D cellular morphogenesis.
A comparison of modified Howland circuits as current generators with current mirror type circuits.
Tissue engineering: confronting the transplantation crisis.
The impact of tissue engineering on dentistry.
Development of new techniques using genetic and tissue engineering for the treatment of severe heart failure.
Effect of surfactants on human stratum corneum: electron paramagnetic resonance study.
Highlights of the cell transplantation meeting at Montreux, March 1999.
Bioanalytical applications of polyion-sensitive electrodes.
Modulation of peripheral nerve regeneration: a tissue-engineering approach. The role of amnion tube nerve conduit across a 1-centimeter nerve gap.
Wall Street's assessment of plastic surgery related technology: a clinical and financial analysis.
Instrumented staircase for ground reaction measurement.
Proceedings of an international workshop on biomechatronics. Enschede, The Netherlands, April 1999.
Leadership and personality types.
Career directions. Real-world guidance from successful biomedical professionals.
Biomedical technology in Franconia.
Tissue engineered artificial skin composed of dermis and epidermis.
The living shunt: a tissue engineering approach in the treatment of hydrocephalus.
Bioengineering vs mechanical engineering for cardiovascular surgery in the next century.
Progress from a fragile start.
Exploring the territory in tissue engineering.
Bioengineering programmes rise to meet the challenge of a young science.
Estimating orientation with gyroscopes and accelerometers.
Recent progress in biomolecular engineering.
Electrorotation and dielectrophoresis.
An introduction to cellular and tissue engineering.
The birth of the first CT scanner.
Symbols of time.
Computational study of the effect of geometric and flow parameters on the steady flow field at the rabbit aorto-celiac bifurcation.
Construction of a bioengineered cardiac graft.
Going into the next millennium.
Modulation of paired-pulse responses in the dentate gyrus: effects of normal maturation and vigilance state.
A simple assay for evaluating inhibitors of proteoglycan-ligand binding.
Quantitative analysis of adhesion-mediated cell migration in three-dimensional gels of RGD-grafted collagen.
Nitric oxide, superoxide, and peroxynitrite effects on the insulin secretion and viability of betaTC3 cells.
Fractal characteristics of end-expiratory lung volume in anesthetized rats.
Cyanide increases reduction but decreases sequestration of methylene blue by endothelial cells.
Simultaneous regulation of hemodynamic and anesthetic states: a simulation study.
Recurrent patterns of atrial depolarization during atrial fibrillation assessed by recurrence plot quantification.
Microwave spectroscopy of myocardial ischemia and infarction. 2. Biophysical reconstruction.
Microwave spectroscopy of myocardial ischemia and infarction. 1. Experimental study.
Experimental investigation of the steady flow downstream of the St. Jude bileaflet heart valve: a comparison between laser Doppler velocimetry and particle image velocimetry techniques.
Numerical simulation of oxygen mass transfer in a compliant curved tube model of a coronary artery.
Generation of an anatomically based geometric coronary model.
1998 Distinguished Lecture: biomechanics of the microcirculation, an integrative and therapeutic perspective.
Strain gauges used in the mechanical testing of bones. Part III: Strain analysis, graphic determination of the neutral axis.
Strain gauges used in the mechanical testing of bones. Part II: "In vitro" and "in vivo" technique.
Strain gauges used in the mechanical testing of bones. Part I: Theoretical and technical aspects.
An introduction to selected chapters in bone biomechanics.
Biomedical device design discovery team approach to teaching physiology to undergraduate bioengineering students.
Informatics at NIH.
A positive view of biomedical advances.
Brain chips: postpone the debate.
Bioabsorbable polymer scaffolds for tissue engineering capable of sustained growth factor delivery.
Matrices for tissue engineering-scaffold structure for a bioartificial liver support system.
A novel fabrication method of macroporous biodegradable polymer scaffolds using gas foaming salt as a porogen additive.
'Early warning systems' for identifying new healthcare technologies.
The use of information technology in improving medical performance.
The use of information technology in improving medical performance. Part I. Information systems for medical transactions.
The use of information technology in improving medical performance. Part II. Physician-support tools.
The use of information technology in improving medical performance. Part III. Patient-support tools.
Technical aspects of neonatal screening using tandem mass spectrometry. Report from the 4th meeting of the International Society for Neonatal Screening.
Preparing for long-term power outages on the way to Y2K.
Interpreting the environment of care (EC) standards.
Services marketing for the enlightened manager.
Building a clinical engineering department from the ground up.
Time is on the cyborg's side.
Tissue engineering. Growing human corneas in the lab.
In vitro demonstration of survival and secretory function of islets of Langerhans encapsulated with a membrane of tissue-engineered chondrocytes for immunoisolation.
The medical engineering program of Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe.
